“A glass of bourbon and a low-cut top work better on that man than any truth serum.”
~
“Oh, I’d like to butter his biscuit,” she said.
“Magnolia!” her mother said, scandalized. 
“What? He looks like a man who enjoys a nice dairy spread on his bread products.”
~
Rule 4.16: Males are to wear dress code #6 during inter-city travel. Hats are encouraged but not mandatory.
~
It wasn’t all bad. First, I was lucky to have landed upside down. I would drown in under a minute, which was far, far preferable to being dissolved alive over the space of a few weeks. 
~
“We could go see the Last Rabbit. It’s getting pretty old,” I persisted, having read the safety briefing in the “How to Best Enjoy Your Rabbit Experience” leaflet, “and petting is no longer mandatory.”
“It’s not the petting,” said Dad with a shudder, “it’s the ears. In any event,” he continued with an air of finality, “I can have a productive and fulfilling life never having seen a rabbit.”
~
The Badly Drawn Map might not have been very exciting, but it was very well named. 
~
“Afterwards, I salivated for the rest of the day, which was usual, and could smell bread for a week, which wasn’t.”
~
“Then, the victim, whose lungs are under pressure from the rapidly multiplying mouldy growth, will involuntarily expel the spores in a single explosive death cough. That is the moment to panic and leap out of the nearest window—irrespective of which floor you’re on , or whether it is open or not.”
~
I tried to think of a reasonable opening line, as I had several things to say that could be variously described as witty or intelligent, but not both.
~
The rules were sometimes very odd indeed: the banning of the number that lay between 72 and 74 was a case in point, and no one had ever fully explained why it was forbidden to count sheep, make any new spoons or use acronyms. The Standard Variable procedure was in place to allow very minor changes of the Rules. The most obvious example was the “Children under ten are to be given a glass of milk and a smack at 11:00 a.m.” Rule, which for almost two hundred years was interpreted literally, and children were given the glass of milk then clipped around the ear. It took a brave prefect to point out—tactfully, of course—that this was doubtless a spelling mistake, and should have read “snack”.
~
“He paid me to. His name is Travis. He set fire to three tons of undelivered mail, then cooked spuds in the embers.”
“Life was a lot less complex before you tried to explain.”
~ He had a very friendly demeanour about him, as though he had just been told a very funny joke not half a minute ago.
~ “She’s a nasty piece of work, and totally untrustworthy. If I tell you she’s the nicest of the lot, it will give you an idea of how bad the others are. The lease bitey piranha, so to speak.”
~
“Would you like a quick visit? I do the guided tours.”
“Perhaps later.”
“Everybody says that,” he replied, crestfallen. 
~
“What it lacks in taste, it makes up for in longevity.”
~
“Robin is dead?”
“I’m no medical expert, of course,” she replied thoughtfully, “but yes, that’s precisely what he is.”
~
“Would you excuse me? I’ve promised to go and search for Mr. Yewberry’s second-best hat. It’ll be on his head as usual, but he tips well.”
~
“Join the Re-enactment Society? Maybe. What do you re-enact?” I asked, which was a reasonable question.
“We re-enact the previous Friday every Tuesday, then every Saturday morning is re-enacted the following Thursday. At the end of the year, we re-enact the highlights. Sometimes we even re-enact the re-enactments.”
~ “She must have been a fine woman. We’re very sorry for your loss. Was it lightning?” asked Mrs. Gabriel in a hopeful sort of voice. 
“Swan attack?” suggested Yellowstone.
“It was the Mildew,” interjected my father, in a quiet yet forceful voice, “and our grief is a private matter.”
~ “You don’t like me, do you?”
“That would take effort,” she replied. “Indifference is much, much easier.”
~
Rule 5.24: Yellows are permitted to break Rules in the pursuit of Rule-breakers, but all Rules to be broken must be logged beforehand, and countersigned by the Yellow prefect.
~
“That’s precisely the reason I work with them! If there’s a tiger in the room, I want to be the one that combs its whiskers.”
~
“We call her Crazy Jane, but never to her face. She’s broken more bones than almost anyone else in the village.”
“Accident-prone?”
“Not hers. Ours. She’ll punch anyone who mentions her nose, and once fractured Jim-Bob’s arm because she thought he was looking at her whatnots.”
“Was he?”
“Not on that particular occasion.”
~ The weather had scrubbed away the subtlety of the craftman’s hand. The woman’s features had vanished almost entirely, but she would once have been beautiful. No one would have expended so much time and effort on a monument if she wasn’t. 
~
“I’m not too concerned over the consequence of the prank,” replied Tom, summing up his worldview in one quick statement.
~
“Tell me, Mr. Grey, have you been suffering from heavy legs recently?”
“No, sir.”
“I would strongly suggest that you have.”
“Yes, sir,” replied Grey obediently,. “Awful they’ve been these past few years.”
~
“Hello!” she said brightly. “I seem to have cut my finger off.”
~
“I’m currently devising improved methods for queuing,” I said in a grand manner, but she wasn’t the slightest bit interested.
“I like to put holes in things,” she announced, showing me a piece of paper with a hole in it. 
~ “Oh, he’s a fine fellow, but don’t lend him any money.”
“Sell his own granny, would he?”
“You heard about that? Terrible business.”
~ “We were just sitting down to dinner,” I explained, but Brown, mistaking my comment for an invitation to a free meal, gratefully accepted.
~ Jane came back in with the pickled onions and custard, which tasted a lot better than I’d imagined, but then I’d imagined they were inedible, so anything was an improvement.
~ Rule 1.12: Marriage is an honourable estate and should not be used simply as an excuse for legal intercourse.
~ Constance had confided before I left that the things she looked for most in a husband were ‘incurious ambition’ and ‘an ability to follow orders,’ so I composed a telegram to her along the line of how much I wanted to discharge my Civil Obligation to the Collective in the most productive manner, and how I though of her all the time. 
~
“You’ll be dead in five minutes. After the mourning is over—perhaps tomorrow at tea time—you’ll get your name on the departures board, along with anything notable or worthy you might have done. Have you actually done anything noble or worthy, by the way?”
“Given the opportunity of a long life,” I answered slowly, “I might.”
~
“You know, until this morning I didn’t realise this country used disappear as a transitive verb.”
~ Rule 22.3: All children are to attend school until the age of sixteen or until they have learned everything, whichever be the sooner.
~ It wasn’t working. I was going to have to outsource my romantic thoughts to someone who could actually write poetry.
~
Each team was handed a copy of a much-thumbed procedures manual, which contained detailed descriptions of the various types of swan, lightning, and riffraff, together with their individual peril ratings, and a checklist of what to do if they were spotted. 
~
“I tried to tell her that I wasn’t interested, that I was going to join the Keepers of the Long Swatch and devote my life to silent devotion of the hue, but it came out as ‘Thank you, Violet, that would be very nice.’”
~ “Would they sell any to me?” I asked. He laughed, which I took to mean no. 
~ Rule 3.45: Team sports are mandatory in order to build character. Character is there to give purpose to team sports.
~ “We’re a few players down. Some of the guys have unresolved issues with members of the girls’ team,” Doug explained, “and if there were a choice between a painful whack in the plums and ten demerits for missing a game, I know which one I’d choose.”
~ “She held my hand.” He looked at his bloodstained hand reverentially. “It was this hand. I’m never going to wash it.”
“I didn’t think you did.”
“Perhaps not, but now at least I have a reason.”
~ “What do we do if we see any? Run?” I asked.
“Fight,” said Courtland. 
“You fighting is good,” said Tom. “While they’re occupied with you, Ed and I will be activating the ‘run like a lunatic’ plan.”
~ Rule 5.55: Unicycles are not to be ridden backward at excessive speed.
~
“What does it mean? I don’t know. It’s just what they call themselves.”
“And what do they call us?”
“Many names, and none of them polite.”
~
“5%? I wanted 15%.”
“And I wanted Jersey Shore: The Movie. Life’s full of little disappointments.”
“Ok, make it 10%.”
“Fine. Here, sign it.”
As he did, he said, “I would have settled for 5%.”
Evan replied, “And I would have paid 15%.”
~ “Did you buy my share of the company so you could use it against Hank?”
“What? How could you think that?!”
“One: you bought my share of the company. Two: you used it against Hank.”
“I see how you could think that.”
~
“Glad to see your broken leg is healing well. Any other issues?”
“Well, Doc, I’ve got three younger siblings, an ex-wife, and a teenage son, so you’ll have to be a little more specific.”
~ “I’d say it’s nice to see you, but the nuns drilled me well on lying.”
~
“Well, unless we’ve got a 90-year-old serial killer, I’m going to take a stab, no pun intended, and say we’ve got a copycat.”
~ “He said the visitors had healed him on their spaceship; gives a whole new meaning to universal healthcare.”
~ “I think the voodoo witch is still alive and made a doll of you. It’s the only rational explanation.”
“You need to look up rational in your word of the day.”
~ His father had sent him a copy of the first book almost immediately after the British release, wrapping in butcher paper with a little note written in illegible scrawl—“you might like this one.” And Eames had put it at the bottom of a pile of books, wrapped in butcher paper and festooned with similar notes, that he had a vague intention of reading.
~ He returns the gherkins to the fridge and takes a moment to stare at it again: milk, gherkins, meat, leftover curry from Yusuf, if he doesn’t get a job soon he’ll need to go grocery shopping, and he has a policy against being at the house for more than three trips to anything that might constitute a grocery store, and that includes corner shops and markets.
~
“You really need to get laid,” Ariadne says. “If you just pop north a bit, I know a place--”    “Not going clubbing with you,” Eames says. “Ever again.”
~ He considers going to the washroom to make morose faces at himself in the mirror. He resists the urge, barely. When he had had flatmates they had called his propensity for making faces at himself in the mirror narcissistic. Their exact words had been “something—something—why didn’t you fuck that bird, she was hot—something—something—I need to use the loo,” but it was the thought that counted.
~ Arthur liked to talk about principles, then, although the principles never made complete sense, and he walked with the lazy gait of someone who had studied philosophy at university and didn’t give a fuck whether or not it was useful.
~ “I could say the same of you,” Eames said, instead of offering one of the compliments buzzing around his head. The compliments were, frankly, embarrassing, and the harder he tried to come up with a suave one they closer they got to pick-up lines of the most unfortunate sort.
~ “They want to cast Zac Efron,” the woman in the seat next to him says, like this is some delicious secret. “For the film.”  Eames tries to school his face into something that’s not complete horror.
‘Zac Efron as me what the fuck.’ He texts that to Ariadne when the plane is taxiing, and makes enough muffled noises of disapproval that the man in the seat next to him glances at Eames not once but three times with an expression on his face that suggests he doesn’t like something he smells. 
~
“And we’re starting a club but you aren’t invited because you’re the only one on this job whose name doesn’t start with ‘A.’”  “I’m distraught,” Eames says. “Or I would be, if my first name weren’t Aaron.”  “Don’t bullshit me,” Ariadne says. “You look nothing like an Aaron.”  “Two ‘A’s,” Eames continues. “I should be the king of your little club.”  “It doesn’t have a king because Arthur and I are both American and believe in democracy. In fact, I’m Greek, I practically invented democracy,” Ariadne says haughtily, ignoring Eames’ scoffing protest. “We’re here.”
~ Annelise has always intimidated Eames because there’s something about her that seems almost challengingly wholesome, like she drinks whole milk straight from the cow and spends her spare time rescuing hikers lost beneath avalanches, and she expects the same of everyone she meets. Her cheeks are round and rosy, but her eyes are like shards of ice. Also, she’s taller than Eames by a good several inches.
~
“I’ve got nothing else going,” she says. “But for some reason this seems like a stupid idea.” “One level extraction,” Eames says. “Easy. And I’ll pay for your ticket to New York.” “And for dinner?” Ariadne asks. “I’m not a cheap date.” “And for dinner,” Eames says. “All the dinners you want.” “This is the most expensive job you’ll ever do,” Ariadne replies gleefully, and then she hangs up the phone before Eames can retract anything.
~ He slips the Kevlar vest over Neal’s head, tightening the straps and checking the fit. “It’s a violation of your parole if you get yourself shot. So don’t.”
~ Arthur can feel himself smiling back when something very important occurs to him. “... Where are my pants?”
~ “You said I could ask for all the help I need,” Nick reminded him.
“Obviously that was the concussion talking.”
~ “I can explain.”
“Okay, let’s hear it.” Monroe waited. He watched Nick pull strips off the label on his bottle of beer. Monroe fought down the urge to slap his hand or offer him a wastebasket for the scraps. He counted the ticks from the loudest clock. He sipped his beer. “Explanations work better if you use actual words,” Monroe pointed out after the clock had passed sixty-one measured beats.
“Uh.”
“That’s not really a word.”
“I’m sorry.”
Monroe shook his head. “See, that’s an apology, and in my experience, it’s not a good sign when the apology precedes the explanation. It usually means I’m not going to like the explanation.” Nick blew out a sigh and glanced at the ceiling as if asking for divine intervention. Also not a good sign in Monroe’s experience, although he’d never noticed that it did any good. “Look, Nick, let’s try it this way. Why don’t you just tell me why Hank thinks I run a book club on the first Monday evening of the month, and why he’s offered to bring artichoke dip, which sounds awesome by the way, to the next meeting?”
~
“Molly’s been reheating the cup up for the last six hours,” Sherlock said. “It just tastes like burning now.”
~ Sherlock touched his collarbone where the displacement was. “That was your fault, if you recall,” he said.
“Sherlock, thirty years later, I still maintain my inability to predict your throwing yourself out of a tree does not make it my fault.”
~ “Professor, I couldn’t possibly! I must be prepared to bow to my master’s whims at all times!”
“I whim that you’d put some pants on!” James choked out, prying Remus off of his side as he began to feel faint again.
~ “You weren’t at breakfast,” Sirius says shortly. “I wondered if you’d died.”
~ The next morning, Remus wakes to a terrible quandary: he is ravenous, and the very thought of moving makes him nauseated and sends an ache through his body. He groans and turns his face into his pillow, which is warm and sympathetic, though inedible.
~ Remus will say something about Muggle London, and Sirius will go on for ten minutes about how pants it must be in comparison to this one Wizarding town near Moscow, about his many trips abroad, about how his blood is superior to that of simple Mudbloods--and then Sirius will grow bored and ask Remus how ballpoint pens work.
~ If Remus was to label Sirius and James’ relationship based on their conversation, he’d have to say “mutual idiocy.”
~ At some point during the ruckus, Sirius offers to make a blood pact, which seems a bit desperate and terrifying, and Remus convinces him that it’s not necessary before Sirius takes out his Black family ceremonial dagger. Remus tries not to think about why there is such a thing as the Black family ceremonial dagger, and mostly fails. When brief, caustic negotiations do little to persuade Remus that this is not all going to blow up, Sirius screws up his face and orders Remus not to even think of leaving the school, as Sirius does not entertain deserters and boring people, the former of which Remus would be and the latter of which Sirius would be hopelessly trapped with should Remus go.
~ “It should all be right,” Remus said, nearly tense, as if he were concerned.
Severus made a derisive noise. “The last time you said that, I was blue for an hour.”
“You were blue for five minutes at most,” Remus argued. “And nobody saw.”
Severus picked up a large, wrought-iron stirrer and began dipped it into the gray-brown soup, glaring up at Lupin, who still had the damnable smile on his face. “I was blue for an unacceptably long amount of time,” he clarified. “And you saw.”
~
“I’d take my top off for money if I could, but I’m as flat as a board. Maybe I should buy some. I mean, how much could they be?”
“Five to seven grand. Each.”
“You pay per boob? If anything in the world should be sold as a pair, it should be boobs.”
~ “I promise you I won’t flee. I’ll be the one scientist who understands you. The one who knows that you’re not burning the city down because you’re evil, you’re burning the city down to protect the giant lizard eggs you just laid in a cave by the ocean. A cave that no one knows is there but me.”
~
“Wait, you live with your mother like a serial killer?”
~ “What do you have against shorts?”
“No real lady wears shorts.”
“Oh my god, what century are we having this conversation in?”
~ “Are you going to help me? Or are you going to amuse yourself?”
“I can multitask.”
~ “It was an exhibition of uniquely impoverished artwork that included a ‘Shelf Portrait’ which was not a misprint in the catalogue as everyone assumed.”
~
“Plans are now well advanced for our summer rowing regatta. However, at present, we have only one air bed and, unless a second vessel is more forthcoming, the races will be more monotonous than is strictly necessary.”
~
“We regret that we are unable to give you the weather. We rely on weather reports from the airport, which is closed because of the weather. Whether we are able to give you the weather tomorrow depends on the weather.”
~ “Oh, Becky, commercials aren’t real life. Advertisers are just manipulative alcoholics who use our low self-image against us. Don’t you watch Mad Men?”
~
“I tried reading to him from an iPad instead of the actual newspaper, but he couldn’t grasp the concept of it. He just got angry and thought I was making everything up.”
“Ugh, the old. Promise me you’ll put a pillow over my face when I turn 65.”
~
“Did you hear the announcement?”
“Oh, you mean the one that went blarsh ment hucckles flaushconment?”
~ “Time travel?” Dean asked, not directed at Sam. He just felt it needed to be said, and with appropriate unhappiness.
“Could be parallel universes,” Sam said, almost hopefully.
~ “Anyway, I’m pretty sure they’re protecting their babies.”
“Babies that eat people,” Jane said, in case anybody needed a reminder.
~ “So,” Willow said, hands on her hips, “when you said ‘spell,’ you meant ‘arrow.’ I thought there was a plan!”
“There was a plan,” Buffy told her, pretty clearly not for the first time.
“A crappy plan doesn’t count!” Willow protested.
~ “He’s not all covered with hair, is he?” Dean asked. “I could deal with that, don’t get me wrong. A guy just likes some warning, is all.”
~ Electricity tended to do strange things when exposed to magic. He’d discovered this when half way down a lonely road in Nevada, smoke had billowed up from under the bonnet and a quick inspection had shown him that the remains of his fan belts had somehow transformed into rattlesnakes somewhere down the road, and that they had promptly been barbequed. They’d been crispy and had tasted of rubber, but they’d also prompted him to try and prevent further damage to the car by warding it – he was working on the principle that either it would adjust to the amount of magic powering it whether it liked it or not, or it would explode. So far, there had been no explosions, but he wasn’t holding his breath.
~ “I thought Revelations was about the Apocalypse,” he murmured softly.
Dean winced. “Well, about that…” Blaise stared at him in disbelief as Dean smiled up at him sheepishly. “Sammy and I may have, purely by accident, released Lucifer and started the end of the world?”
~ Birthdays are always a little strange. They go by the elasticity of TARDIS time mixed up with Earth’s, with the result that when anyone asks Sherlock how old he is he picks approximations from the air, based on body weight and height and expectations.
~ They ran towards each other and what followed was a confusing moment in which Sherlock Holmes tried to take Amelia Pond’s hand so that he could pull her into a chair and tell her the story of the spider eggs he’d preserved in his Step-Mother’s hairspray last weekend; while Amelia Pond tried to kick Sherlock Holmes because he’d said the biting thing would work and here she was stuck in month six of Doctor Morrison’s group therapy sessions.
~
“I thought it was my plan. It’s your plan? In that case, my lord, all I have is a turnip.” “The words ‘oh’ and ‘bugger’ would seem to be most appropriate at this time.”
~
“Where is the Doctor?” the black lead Dalek demanded as it halted in front of him. Ianto cleared his throat. “Have you tried looking in a hospital?” he asked as calmly as possible.
~
They pick out a heavy chest of draws in a dark wood with some fascinating imperfections and a large, brass-based lamp that Darcy catches Clint swinging like a blunt weapon. She raises an eyebrow at him and he shrugs, blushing and says, “You never know.”
“You’re not allowed to pick stuff based on whether you could smash someone’s skull with it,” she says. “Just go for things you like.”
“I like it and not just because I could totally brain someone with it,” Clint promises and Darcy nods, smiling.
~ “Hey,” Darcy says, looking between them before she levels an accusing finger at Phil. “Oh my god, you do know something. Wow, your poker face is amazing,” she enthuses. “You’re lying to my mom next time I talk to her about what I do for a living. She’s starting to get suspicious about the number of times my phone drops out when she asks.”
“Stark phones don’t drop out,” Tony huffs, looking scandalized.
“That’s what she said,” Darcy assures him and Tony looks slightly mollified.
~
“It’s about the mystery visitor,” Darcy says. Phil gives her the ‘not helping’ face and she gives him the ‘not trying to’ eyebrows back. In return he goes with the ‘I could fire you’ purse of the lips and she rallies with the ‘you’d be lost without me’ eyes and chin wobble.
~
“I have made it a principle in life never to give Remus books for any occasion,” said James. “He buys them himself, with his spare cash. Remus needs to be bought Quidditch shirts and silly-looking ornaments and a Muggle lava lamp that glows in the dark.”
~
“Dammit. Hold your godson, Harry, I’m not walking out of here crying like a girl – “
“But,” said Ron, eminently reasonable, “you are a girl.” Tonks glared at him.
“I can’t thump him, I’ve got Teddy,” Harry said cheerfully.
~
Cougar closed his eyes tight for a few seconds and then opened them. He was still in a car with a man claiming to be an angel. Who wanted...”Pie?” Cougar asked. “Yes. Everything is better with pie. You have had a stressful day.” Castiel said. Cougar searched his face for any sign of deception. “You’re fucking with me, right?” Castiel frowned slightly, “No, I am not ‘fucking with you’. The blueberry crumble is delicious. Do you not like pie?” Cougar shook his head again as he steered the car onto the road. “I am alive, in Oklahoma, driving an angel to go get pie.” he muttered. “Yes. Then you must make two guns. You are on a mission from God.” Castiel said, looking expectantly at Cougar. Cougar just looked at him. Castiel leaned in and said, “That was a joke.” Cougar turned back to his driving. He was now sure he wasn’t in Hell but he figured he must have lost his mind. “You have not lost your mind. Laughter is good for the soul. So I made a joke.” Castiel said. His tone was very faintly hurt. “I... appreciate the gesture.” Cougar said. ‘This pie had damn well better be the best I’ve ever had.’  “It will be.” Castiel promised. ‘Stop reading my mind.’ “Sorry.” Castiel said.
~
“If Charlie had been born a girl, my folks would have named him Mildred. You look real close, you can see the Mildred in him, especially round the eyes.”
~
“How dead am I?” James asked. It seemed an important question. Will looked him up and down. “Basically, you’re dead,” he said regretfully.
~
“Maybe I just called to hear your voice.” 
“Oh, then let me forward you to my voicemail and you can listen to me tell you I’ll get back to you at my earliest possible convenience as much as you’d like.” 
~
“It was a duel?’
“Nothing so formal; merely a simultaneous decision to murder each other.”
~
“And Sammy can’t keep his stories straight.” “Oh, fuck you, Dean. You told me skateboarding.” “The story was in-line skating.” “Skateboarding. I remember it. The spirit knocked me into a tree and then dragged me down the street. Even with a broken arm and road rash all over my side I remember it. You were in the front seat with dad, debating between ‘fell off my bike’ and ‘fell off the roof.’ You came up with skateboarding”
~ “Wallace!” Veronica exclaimed, miffed. “You don’t even know what I was going to ask!” Unapologetically, he ticked off, “In the past two months alone, I’ve had to plant a bug on a large, scary linebacker, distract the registrar with inappropriate advances that got me slapped, and, my personal favorite, got kicked in the balls by the girl you had me tail who thought I was a mugger. In all honesty, being taped bare-assed to the flagpole was more fun.” Piz stopped halfway down, hovering humorously over his chair as he set his tray down. “When did you—” “It’s not important!” Wallace cut in, face flushing lightly at the memory of his first meeting with Veronica. “The point is, no more favors until my bruised testicles heal.”
Veronica petulantly sighed, “I could’ve just wanted you to pass the salt.” “Did you?” “Well, no, but now I’m just gonna look like a jackass.”
~
“Are you seriously going to just keep asking me?” she asked. “‘Cause that’s gonna get old real fast.”
A smile spread across his face. “Are you saying that I should be more inventive about this? Challenge accepted.”
She frowned. “How much am I going to regret this conversation?”
~ Normally the lack of a ‘hello’ would bother her, but after a month of coffee and tea, Darcy appreciated Natasha’s minimalistic approach to conversation.
~ She’d just needed clarification on a section of Tony’s latest research, because she couldn’t tell if he’d finally superseded his own genius or if it was a series of serious typos. Darcy’d handed the printed version over to him with a, “For the love of God, Stark, not everything needs to be capitalized.”
“What? It reflects my inner exuberance,” Tony said as he took the page from her hands. “And wow. I…do not remember writing this.”
“So…typos?” she offered.
“Possibly,” he said. He cocked his head to the side. “Although that bit right there kinda makes sense.”
~
Darcy wanted to say something. Anything. Anything at all. Like ‘thank you’ or ‘I think I might be in love with you’ or ‘I had a dream about you where you were mowing the lawn at my parents’ house, is that a metaphor for something, do you think?’
~
“Define ‘danger.’” “Are you injured, about to become injured, or likely to become injured in the near future.” “Yes,” Shawn says promptly, just as the door swings open gracefully in the face of Neal’s concentrated efforts. “Gotta go.”
~
“That’s the entire plan?” Ronon asked. John spread his hands wide. “What’s wrong with that plan?” “It’s a stupid plan,” Rodney intoned.  “No, see, it’s brilliant in its simplicity.” John looked at his team. “What?”
~ “...okay,” Sam sighs. Stevie, blinking and groaning and clawing his way up to awareness, can hear the resignation in his voice. Clearly, Dean can too. “Don’t fucking humour me, Sammy.”
~ “Yes, yes, go ahead and insult me,” Rodney said, wondering how much trouble he’d get in if he shot the little bastard. “Keep in mind that a),” he ticked the points off on his fingers, “I don’t know what a mudblood is, b) I don’t give a rat’s ass, and c) I’m a good deal smarter than you and your only chance of getting home.”
~
“He’s sitting right next to you?” Chloe pulled on her pants.
“Yes ma’am.”
“So then I’m to assume that he’s in close proximity to the phone?” Chloe grabbed her shoes pulling them on.
There was another pause and then a sigh. “Yes ma’am.”
“But he couldn’t call me himself?” She sat back down on the bed.
“Mr. Queen would like…”
“Yes I know what Mr. Queen would like.” Chloe said. “I just want to make sure I get this right. He wants to make an appointment with me, he’s sitting right there next to you and yet he couldn’t call me himself.”
“Really ma’am, he would just like…”
Chloe cut her off. “Yes, thank you.” She hung up the phone and then dialled Oliver’s cell phone number.
“Chloe.” He answered halfway through the first ring with an amused tone in his voice.
~ “So is this a tiny, ‘Can you store some stuff for me’ favour or is this more of a, ‘I just need you to intercept a file, you probably won’t be attacked by a crazy knife throwing ninja girl’ type of tiny favour?”
“Well Dinah’s decided she works better on her own and she promised not to interfere with our stuff anymore, so I can almost guarantee there shouldn’t be any crazy knife throwing ninja girls.” Oliver joked.
“You can almost guarantee there shouldn’t. You’re not instilling a lot of confidence here Queen.”
“Come on, ninja’s are notoriously unpredictable, I can never guarantee against ninjas, especially crazy ones, it’s in my recruitment contract.”
~
“No one said emergency.” Oliver got down the cups and creamer. “I didn’t say emergency.”
“You only call me in emergencies.” Chloe leaned on the counter. “When you’ve exhausted all options.”
“That’s not true.” Oliver shook his head. “You’re pretty much generally our only option.” She crossed her arms over her chest and raised an eyebrow. “But even if you weren’t our only option you’d still be our first choice.” Oliver back pedalled.
“Nice save.” She nudged his shoulder. “So what’s the non emergency, tiny favour?”
“I may have lied.” Oliver winced and handed her a cup of coffee.
“About the emergency?” Chloe sipped the coffee slowly.
“About the favour.” Oliver sat down. “About it being tiny.”
~
“Got it.” Oliver smiled. “Plumber and Electrician, I’ll call them tomorrow.” Chloe stared at him and he paused. “No?” She continued to stare at him. “I’ll call them today?” She smiled her approval.
~ “I mean bail, as in, I’ve been arrested could you please come bail me out of jail.” Lois said. “Ok, the guard is making a motion that I think means I need to hang up the phone. Either that or he’s doing itsy, bitsy, spider.”
“You’re serious?” Chloe asked.
“No, he’s a pretty big guy so it’s probably not itsy bitsy spider.”
~
“I can do you one better.” Oliver said to her. “When it’s Friday, you pack a bag and then it can be you, me, that bottle of massage oil and we won’t leave my island for a week.” He countered.
Chloe looked up at him quizzically. “Wait a minute. You own an island?”
“Not a big one.” He shrugged. “It’s only like 300 or 400 acres.”
“You own an island?” Chloe asked him again.
“Seriously, it’s not that big a deal.” He defended himself.
“A month ago I had to decide between coffee and toilet paper.” She raised her eyebrows at him. “And you own an island.”
“Yes.” Oliver nodded. “And it’s fully stocked with both coffee and toilet paper, so don’t worry, go to sleep.” He kissed her forehead. She glared at him but didn’t say anything else and instead closed her eyes. “Which did you choose?” He asked after a few minutes.
“What?” Chloe asked confused.
“Toilet paper or coffee?”
Chloe looked at him as if he didn’t know her at all. “Coffee.” She said simply. “I just stole toilet paper from the Talon.”
“Why didn’t you just steal coffee from the Talon?” Oliver asked confused. “It is a coffee shop.”
Chloe stared at him for a second. “Cause that would be wrong.”
“And stealing toilet paper isn’t wrong?” Oliver looked at her strangely. “How are they different?”
“Toilet paper is a necessity, coffee is a luxury, if you want a luxury you have to pay for it.” Chloe explained. “They are different. And you know what, you own an island.” She glared at him. “Any insight you thought you could have to offer in this situation, you don’t.”
~ Chloe’s hand hovered over a button and then she smiled. “Ok, watch this.” She pushed a button and a whole row of car alarms simultaneously went off causing Paul to jump out of his seat and run to check it out and as soon as he reached them Chloe pushed another button and they all turned off.
Oliver smirked. “Ok, how did you do that?”
“There’s an internal intercom system hooked up to the security cameras and I found a sub sonic frequency that can agitate the car’s alarms.” Chloe looked over at him, holding her breath while she waited to see what he would say about it.
He leaned over her. “That is so cool.” He smiled pushing the button as Paul walked away and then pushing it again as soon as he turned around.
“There’s more.” She said suddenly giddy. She pushed a few more buttons and then leaned over a microphone. “Paul.” She called out in a sharp voice, she’d distorted it enough so it sounded both authoritative and eerie. If the car alarms made him jump, Oliver was sure he’d just peed his pants.
“Hello.” Paul looked around. “Is anyone there?”
“Paul.” Chloe said again in a somewhat scolding tone. “You know who this is.”
The guy looked around, considerably freaked out. “Ok, this isn’t funny anymore.”
“You should be nicer to your mother Paul.” Chloe said to him. Oliver looked over at Chloe confused, wondering if she wasn’t stalking him how she knew that and she put her hand over the microphone. “I’m just guessing here. Most 26 year old boys should be nicer to their mothers.”
“Is this….God?” Paul asked staring at the ceiling of the parking garage.
“You are a horrible, brilliant, woman.” Oliver smiled at her.
“I know.” Chloe giggled. “You have mustard on your tie.” She told Paul and then turned the car alarms on again.
“Ok.” Oliver sat down. “We have to get serious now.” He looked at her. “But can we do this in other places, not just parking garages?” He asked her. “I’ve got a few CEO’s who screwed me on some business deals.”
“Make me a list, I’ll find a way.” Chloe assured him.
~ “We should have a cool code name for him or something.”
“You really think anyone’s listening into our conversation?” Chloe asked amused.
“Like Cue Ball, or Mr. Clean.” Oliver continued as if she hadn’t said anything.
“Ok, if that’s what you think of as cool code names, I can’t believe I ever let you pick mine.” 
~ “I’m working on that funding problem at the Community Center, just as soon as it’s Friday, tell her not to worry.” Oliver said to him. “As for Marcus. I could take care of him for you.”
“Are you offering to kill my daughter’s boyfriend?” Powell asked cautiously.
“What?” Oliver looked offended. “Do I look like Vito Corleone? Well I’m a little like Vito Corleone, I could make his father an offer he can’t refuse, but more in a really good job offer out of the state way and not in a swimming with the fishes sort of way.”
~ “So what do you say if, I mean what if accidentally, while in the process of saving him, he should like, trip, over my foot, accidentally of course.” Bart offered.
“And on his way to the ground, what if his stomach you know, accidentally slammed into my knee or something. Accidentally.” AC smiled.
“Then maybe, when I’m helping him off the ground, he hits his head on the corner of a table, or it slams into the wall.” Victor added.
“Accidentally of course?” Chloe smiled at her guys.
“No.” Victor shook his head at her seriously.
“Just be discreet.” Oliver told them and Chloe turned to look at him surprised. “He killed you Chloe.” He defended himself. “I was thinking of accidentally shooting an arrow in his general direction, like at his shoulder or in his foot.”
“Foot definitely.” AC said. “You can always sell an accidental foot shooting.”
~ Initially the guest list was supposed to be the two of them and their parents. Lily sent Tuney an invitation but didn’t get a reply of any kind, which she felt was a bit much even for her, and reacted appropriately (James fixed the window without a murmur of complaint), which perhaps was the reason James conned Sirius into showing up, and of course Sirius brought Moony and Peter, and one of them brought Marlene, who as James’ favourite cousin felt it her duty to bring both her little brothers and her parents from Edinburgh, and one of them had said something to James’ Uncle Charlus and his wife Dorea, who apparently is, biologically speaking, Sirius’ Aunt Dorea, and so the guest list expanded exponentially, until the only people left out were Mary McDonald (not in the country), Siobhan Mackey (hates the sight of James, mostly on account of being his ex, although why that should take precedence over being Lily’s friend Lily does not know), Alice and Frank (in deepest darkest Wales doing Auror training), the Prewett twins (Order business), Janey from primary school and Lily’s Gran. And then Mrs Potter invited Gran as well. 
~ “Do you want anything to drink?” Clara asks. “I’ve got tea and coffee. And more tea, I think. We are something like a bastion – we are a fucking fortress of tea. Perhaps. I’d have to check, but I’m pretty sure we could conquer small countries with this much tea.”
~ “There’s a bunch of menus in the drawer under the sink, unless I’ve thrown them away in a fit of cleaning pique.” “Is that likely?” he asks as he walks over. “After all, wouldn’t you have just organized them properly – in a folder, with -” When he pulls the drawer out, precisely folded towels and a folder labelled ‘menus’ in Clara’s exacting hand greet him. “Well. Clara, there are people you could see about this, you know.”
~
“I hate you right now,” he mutters. “The feeling may well persist indefinitely. Why would you put an acid on top of one of the cabinets?” “So it would be out of the way. Somehow, I forgot to factor your occasional bouts of clumsiness into the equation.” Sherlock’s voice is closer this time; he’s levered himself out of the sofa, wandering into the kitchen. He’s probably drawn by the opportunity to see the effects of acid on human skin, the prat. “Oh, yes. I’m standing in the kitchen shirtless and cultivating a chemical burn. This is clearly the time to insult me.” “Mildly corrosive, John. You’ll be fine.” John shoves some of Sherlock’s experiments aside without much care for the contents to get at the sink. The itch isn’t in his head, it’s on his arm, and it’s quickly progressing from itch to burn, even as he turns the tap on and shoves his arm underneath it. There’s a distressed “those were at a delicate stage!” from Sherlock, and John uses his free hand to raise two fingers in his general vicinity. The burn subsides back to an itch under the onslaught of cold water. “I thought we’d decided there were going to be ‘chemical’ and ‘chemical-free’ zones in the kitchen. I even drew a bloody map, Sherlock.” The map is tacked to the fridge with three magnets, the counters and table in the kitchen sketched out with nearly-architectural precision. Nearly two-thirds of the counters are shaded a biohazard red, and about two weeks after it had gone up, Sherlock had added the notation “Terms acceptable - note lack of delineated spaces for human remains indicates entire kitchen fair game” in his distinct handwriting, a scrawl that managed to appear both cramped and fluid. “You did create a map,” Sherlock replies, easing his disturbed experiments back into some sense of order, or whatever passes for order inside his mind. John tries not to think about the inner workings of Sherlock’s head; normally, it just ends up making his own ache. “A map you agreed to. There were borders. A system.”
“A stable routine is inherently both safe and dull, John. You must never lose your ability to react to unexpected scenarios.” Sherlock’s vaguely sanctimonious tone would be too much to take when he isn’t staving off a burn. John abandons his dignity and pulls his arm out from under the tap’s flow, flicking a fistful of water at Sherlock. It catches him full in the face and he startles like an angry cat. All he’s missing is the hiss. “Childish.”
“You must never lose your ability to react to unexpected scenarios, Sherlock.”
~
“Good. Fine. Wonderful. I can keep pulling up synonyms, or we can drop it.”
~ “Harry,” he says. Harry, however, seems intent on reassuring herself of John’s continued presence, burying her head in the crook of his neck and breathing in deep. She’s muttering something under her breath that might well be ‘you utter idiot.’
~ “Mrs. Hudson sent me with a sudoku book for you,” John says as he enters.  “Lovely,” Sherlock says. “The next twenty minutes will be fantastically exciting.” John draws the book out, then places it and a pen on the edge of Sherlock’s bed. At this point, he undoubtedly knows better than to insult Sherlock with an offering of a pencil. “Behave while I talk to your doctors. I could have brought by the crossword. This week’s got a pop-music theme. You would’ve been stumped.”
~
“Would it even be possible for you to have lupus?”  “I’ve never tried,” John says, amused, sipping at his tea.
~
“How hard can it be? We stopped the apocalypse. We will not be beaten by pie.” “You do realize you can’t just make Jell-o and Cool Whip pie in frozen pie shells, right?” “I have fought the hounds of hell, Sam. I think I can manage a real fruit pie.” “You lost to the hounds of hell, Dean.” Dean waves a hand airily, as if everything that happened doesn’t still keep him up nights sometimes. “I’m here, aren’t I?” he says, as if that settles everything. And as points go, it’s pretty indisputable, but Sam’s never really found it easy to back down even in the face of an unwinnable argument.
~ “Yeah,” Sam says. “Would I lie to you?” Dean gives him a look. “Don’t answer that. Would I lie to you about this?”
~ Mike shrugs, looking down at the gear shift, and then out the front windshield, absently memorizing the plates of passing cars. “You sort of have this look, sometimes.” “I have a look,” Harvey says, the same words but shaped with a heavy scepticism not present in Mike’s statement.  “I don’t know,” Mike mutters quickly, more insistently, thinking ‘shut up, shut up’ and lifts a hand to cover his eyes. “Whatever.”
~
“Come on, Sleeping Beauty,” Harvey says some time later. “This chariot’s about to turn into a pumpkin.” Mike stumbles out of the car. “Different stories,” he points out after a beat. “Also, wasn’t asleep.”
~
After the scuffle, Harvey’s hair is actually a little mussed. Mike stares at it in fascination. “I didn’t know it could do that,” he says, reaching out to touch. It’s strangely soft. “You use glue?” he asks, head tilting curiously. “It’s nice.”
~ John’s love of the clarinet, or as Harry used to call it “His Freakish Unnatural Passion For An Inanimate Object” (All capitals being necessary), technically starts when he is five.
~ James narrowed his brown eyes at them and said, “Stop it.” Contrarily, Remus continued to gape.
~
James levelled them all a glare. “Can’t you see I’m busy wooing?”
“And doing a terrible job of it,” Sirius growled. “You’ve only been at it since first year.” He jerked a thumb toward Remus and said, “Moony here already saw her knockers, and he’s not even trying.” Dead silence fell in the dormitory and Remus’ hand froze mid-sentence. There was a long pause before Sirius said, “Which was an utter, total joke. Naturally.” James roared and launched himself at Remus.
~ “We gave half the Slytherin house food poisoning.” He looked at James accusingly.
“The pages were stuck together!” James howled. “How was I supposed to know it was the wrong potion?”
~ When Sirius finally managed to string together two words, they were, “Sod you!”
~ Remus closed his eyes just in time to miss seeing Sirius whip out his wand and James dive for cover. He had a policy about his friends: if he didn’t see it, then he had no obligation to take away points for it. It was probably the only reason Gryffindor wasn’t in the negatives.
~ James kept breaking Gideon’s broom and huffing “Reparo,” before doing it all over again.
~
“Shut up. You’re not allowed to talk anymore,” he decided, landing small, biting kisses on the corners of her lips. “I’m making all of the decisions now. You’re terrible at it.”
~ “This is not a good idea,” Peter said.
“Pixies are highly unpredictable,” Remus added.
“They’ll bite the living sod out of you,” Sirius finished.
James frowned. “None of you have any sense of adventure.” Peter, Remus, and Sirius levelled a very similar glare at James, who did not wilt under pressure.
~
“So circle of life, blah, blah, blah. What’s the point?” Dean demands again, and surreptitiously grabs the McDonald’s bag on the table so he can at least eat his lunch while one of the four horsemen of the apocalypse gives him a refresher course on all the stuff he’d never listened to in high school.
Death takes a deep breath. “I’m saying,” he says, tone clipped, “that God is a lot like a sun.”
Sam stares, and finally looks as lost as Dean feels. “God is the sun?”
Death shakes his head. “A sun. You people really need to learn that I say exactly what I mean.”
“Wait, so this whole thing is…a… a metaphor?” Sam asks.
“Simile,” Death corrects. “I said like a sun.”
~ “Get out of my office.”
“I’m not in your office, I’m in my shoes.”
“Transitive property.”
“Circumstances too remote.”
~ “Well, I’ll be sure to give him the message, although I will probably have to leave out most of the references to male genitalia, and the dubious and possibly illegal sexual practices. But otherwise, it’s been a delight.”
~ “Yell at him,” Spiderman interrupted, looking at Captain America with imploring eyes, though no one could actually see that. “He needs to be yelled at. He’s going to do something stupid.”
~ Marcone brought the baby in closer, tucked up against his chest. He looked like a man cradling a grenade. “His skull fits in my palm,” he said, disturbed. “Yeah, that’s how babies work, Marcone. They’re small people. Rock him or something.”
~ “Polly, dear,” Mrs. Kirke says, firmly but kindly, “you will eat that crumpet.”
~ “Oh,” Draco said, his tone as frigid as the room they sat in. “It’s you.”
“So I gather you’ve been poisoning me,” Neville said conversationally. The Carrows had taught him how to feign abject unconcern in the face of feeling like he might puke from fear. He sent them a tacit thanks - they were probably in here somewhere - and hoped they were suffering.
“Oh for...I have not been poisoning you,” Draco spat, sitting forward as much as his bonds would allow. He could just about get his hands onto the table and his fingernails were filthy and torn, his knuckles split and bruised.
“Well, I’m glad we got that cleared up. Want to come home?”
Draco swallowed hard, the sound of it loud in the hush of the room, and his haughty demeanour melted into misery. “That’s not...why would you,” he said. “I didn’t think you were so cruel as to joke about-”Draco looked away, eyes flickering above Neville’s head to stare at the ceiling for a long moment. “My bail conditions are far too steep,” he said quietly. “You really oughtn’t-”
“I’ve got the money. It isn’t a problem. I’ve already-”
“No,” Draco interrupted, command and despair in his tone in equal measure. “You oughtn’t. I’m not to be trusted.”
“So you have been poisoning me?” Neville asked, confused.
“It’s a lot of money,” Draco said, slow and careful as if Neville was a child, or an idiot. “I presume everything you’d saved for your nursery, and if you spend it all on my bail and I abscond you won’t get it back.”
“I’m aware of how bail works, Draco.”
“Well you should also be aware that I am highly likely to abscond. That’s why my bail is so high in the first place.”
“It’s a risk I’m prepared to take.”
“But you shouldn’t be. I...honestly Neville, if I get out of here I am going to want to get as far away as possible, so that they can never make me go back.”
“So you want me to leave you here in order that you don’t have to come back here?” Neville asked, leaning back in his chair and shaking his head. “I thought I was supposed to be the hopelessly stupid one.”
~
“I’m perfectly happy to meet your parents, if that’s what you want,” Neville said.
“Perfectly happy?” she queried, turning in her seat a little to give Neville the full benefit of her disbelieving stare.
“It’s quite possible to be perfectly happy and utterly terrified simultaneously.”
~
“That’s because you are very mean to me. Now Barton has revealed himself to be a thief. Steve is the only one who deserves any presents.” Tony tells her sternly. Natasha sips at her coffee with one sceptical eyebrow.
“If you change your mind, I want a new garrotte,” she says. Tony laughs in her face.
“I’m not going to buy you anything you could use to kill me,” Tony explains. Natasha rolls her eyes.
“Tony, what could you give me I couldn’t use to kill you?” she points out. Tony scowls, because that’s most likely true.
“And that’s why you don’t get any presents.” Tony crosses his arms over his chest.
~ “Thor found fried beer.”
“Better him than me. Is he stationed near anything that samples? I can trade territory. I’ve memorized the train exhibit.”
“You want the sheep barn?” 
“Never mind. Hey look! A train! How educational and also entertaining.”
~
Lois stares at the crossword puzzle again, slightly irked. “Six letters, ‘like the Ninja Turtles’.”  “Mutant,” Clark says from the other room. The keys continue to clack with all due speed. “You have to be in the room to play,” Lois says, not even bothering to raise her voice like she would for a human. These are little things that she has learned over the years.  There is a rush of wind and Clark appears at the door. “Mutant.” Then Lois’s stack of crossword puzzles –most of them half-started and abandoned—fly all over the dining room table. Several pictures rock back and forth on the walls. The clacking of keys resumes almost instantaneously
~
Johnny scoffed. “I’m pretty sure we can watch a movie and then go defeat the Mole Man,” he said. “It’s not like he moves very fast. He’s got like, arthritis or something. He’s ancient.”
“He’s fifty,” Sue said.
“Ancient,” Johnny repeated.
~
“Seriously, the guy dresses up like a giant bat to fight crime. And trust me, that’s not even the craziest thing about Bruce Wayne.” “He involves children in his work,” Natasha says in a carefully neutral tone that makes Darcy want to take a step back.
~ “And she took a lover, a sailor, and then she lost him. So all the travelling she does, whenever she finds someone new to teach, she’s really looking for him. A man in a striped shirt, like sailors wore, and a watchcap. He travels the world, always in crowds, and you can see him if you look really hard, but she’s never found him,” Neal said. He looked maudlin. “She’s always searching for her lost love.”
~ And then there was Kent. Kent with his kicked dog expression and endless stories starting with, “Back on the farm…” that somehow always managed to end up being more interesting than any story starting with those four words had any right being.
~
“Best thing in the world, chocolate almond ice cream.”
“Better than me?” she asks, and he’s quite sure she’s faking the indignation.
“Second best thing in the world, then,” he corrects himself.
“Better than me?” the Doctor asks, eyebrow quirking up, and Rory has no idea if that tone of voice is petulance or honest curiosity.
Rory rolls his eyes. “You’re not in the world, are you?”
~ “You are a completely backwards, unevolved, backwater species,” the Doctor announced, stepping inside. “The idiocy of the human race is surpassed only by its love of equally idiotic rules about visiting hours. This is a planet of barbarians.”
“Hello,” Alistair said. “And you,” the Doctor continued, standing at his bedside now, eyes glittering with fury. “You are undoubtedly the stupidest person who ever lived. Who gets shot anymore? What is wrong with you? What sort of stupid, stupid human goes out and gets shot and makes me leave in the middle of a lecture and come down here only to make me wait two days for him to wake up? Mental, the lot of you!” Alistair closed his eyes. “I didn’t choose to, you know. Besides, what kind of idiot sits in a hospital lounge for two days?”
“Promise you won’t get shot again,” he demanded “Don’t make me lie to you,” he said. The Doctor nosed against his shoulder. “You smell like antiseptic.” “You smell like you’ve not bathed since you got here.” “Bathing is overrated, you were dying.”
“I didn’t die,” he said finally. “But you will.” “This shouldn’t be news,” Alastair sighed “I hate you.” “Well, you’re stuck with me, so pull up your socks and stop being a ninny,” Alistair told him. He could see someone lurking in the doorway—  Benton, looking extremely awkward at what he was witnessing. “Go on, I need to talk to Benton. Stop annoying the nurses.” “If they weren’t stupid I wouldn’t have to annoy them,” the Doctor said, but he leaned back and stood up, straightening his coat. “And stop calling everyone stupid,” Alistair ordered. “Go. Sleep. Do something with your hair. Don’t come back until after breakfast.”
~
“I’m not dying. Does everyone think I can’t handle a little gunshot wound?” “They reckoned on one,” Benton nodded. “Three’s a bit less of a safe bet.” ~
“I just want you to know that if you weren’t an absolutely necessary component of the plan I would shoot you in the head right now,” Arthur says. 
~ “Fuck!” James says gleefully, banging his spoon against his high chair. “It is possible I never actually understood what hatred was until I met you, Eames,” Arthur says, trying his best to mean it and getting almost halfway there. “Uncle Arthur, that’s rude!” Philippa says, aghast, and forces him to apologize.
~ But after Arthur has taken care of the pair of snipers on the roof opposite them and Eames has somehow managed to blow up two more cars (which, it would later turn out, were full of subconscious security with massive guns, and therefore actually needed to be blown up after all), there was exactly five minutes of time for idle conversation. In those five minutes, Eames tried to ruffle Arthur’s hair, called him pet (twice), love (twice), and darling (five times), accused him of being a stick-in-the-mud, told him he had eyes the colour of particularly bitter dark chocolate, and questioned his professionalism, his age, and his sexuality.
~ She’d stayed up late every night that week and showed up early every morning, so when Neal announced his epiphany with a loud “aha!” (because he was a caricature of a person who actually said things like ‘aha’) she was already pissed off.
~ “I’m indoors. And hungover.”
“So why are you drinking?”
“In an attempt to forget the hangover.” 
~ “Would I be calling you if it were a bomb?” Tony asked. “Well, maybe I would,” he said, switching tracks rapidly, “just to hear your dulcet tones before I die. But Pep, this is neither food nor explosives.”
~
“Computers are strange. A net between what?” Steve had complained. “I don’t understand. What’s it supposed to catch? Why does Clint want me to choose wallpaper? Are we moving in together?”
~
“This looks delicious,” Eames fucking lies, because the only accurate statement would be ‘This looks like intestines’, and he would like Arthur to continue to shagging him. It tastes like death. It crumbles in a way that entirely fails to be pleasant. It is like how he always imagined eating sawdust would be. He could drink the English Channel and his mouth would still be dry. “Wonderful,” he mumbles, and fakes an urgent call to avoid eating another.
~ “I didn’t know you could bake, Arthur,” Ariadne says, coming over to them. Out of Arthur’s line of vision, Eames waves his arms and mouths ‘He can’t, save yourself.’
~
“I work in events management,” Arthur replies promptly. He already has his story all planned out.
“What do you manage?” Eames asks.
“Events.”
~
“We’re going to have fun, boys” their father reminds them, as the ground murmurs low under the axle.
“Yessir,” Peter says. He sounds dubiously optimistic.
~
“If we get any more stuff for the baby, we won’t have any room in the house for the baby.”
~ “I’m Blaine,” and Ben barely looks up from his notes to accept his handshake. “I’m studying.” “Really? I thought your name was Ben.”
~ “You probably hear this a lot,” Mick said to Volcana, “But you’re hot. Like really, smoking hot.”
~ Ariadne is saying something about the internet in Asia when Arthur loudly announces, apropos of nothing, “Relationships are fruit.” “Oh, no,” Ariadne says. “Fruit,” Eames repeats.
~ “I’ll be your campaign manager for class president, but only if you let me go negative: I don’t think we can win on your accomplishments.”
~
“I’m adopted,” snaps Emma, borderline hysterical. “I’m her emergency contact, I should be listed there—as her emergency contact, yeah?”
“Emma Swan?” asks the nurse, like Emma’s mother didn’t travel through a windshield and try to head-butt a tree.
“Yes,” half-shouts Emma, and she plants both palms on the desk to establish eye-contact with a woman who clearly shouldn’t be trusted to work with grieving relatives. “Where is my mother?”
~
“I don’t have many local contacts,” she tells him, wrinkling her nose. “And the ones I have, let’s just say they have trouble lifting a bag of flour. Two hundred pounds of dead guy’s a different matter.” “You, making friends with girly girls?”
“I appreciate you continuing after the first three words of that sentence.”
~ The first words Arthur ever speaks to Eames are: “No shirt on earth is uglier than the one you are wearing. “ Eames is about to say something back about the state of Arthur’s clothing, except there aren’t any cutting comments to make. He is impeccable. His three-piece suit is tailored so perfectly it looks like God created it just for him to wear. His collar is open, but it still looks neat and precise. The contrast of that absolute black against the crisp white of his shirt is mouth-watering.
~ It’s so gradual, Eames doesn’t even realize they’re living together until he freezes one day in a grocery store as he’s putting a bottle of rice milk into his basket (Arthur is lactose intolerant). He has an epiphany. He, Eames, is in a stable relationship. He is co-habitating with Arthur, the best bloody point man in the business, and obsessive perfectionist and early-riser and…and…he doesn’t even know. Or maybe he does know. He knows so much about Arthur, possibly more than anyone. He bangs into the flat, fighting with the door and the groceries, still reeling in shock. Arthur is sketching staircases on a yellow legal pad on the sofa. His feet are propped up on their coffee table. How could he not have realized that time they were in the antique store in Kent, that they were there to buy furniture for their flat?  “Have we moved in together ?” Eames asks, trying to put into his voice that he is floored but sort of a little bit delighted. Arthur gives him that look that makes Eames feel like he retains the brain function of a plankton. “I am in my stocking feet in front of you, Eames. Do you think that it is a regular thing for most people, watching me lay about in socks?”
~
“Excellent,” said Eames, stretching. “Now, I’m afraid I must be going.” He stood. “Oh,” said Arthur. He frowned. He couldn’t think of a reasonable objection besides you’re the best pillow I’ve ever had which, when he thought about it, wasn’t all that reasonable.
~
“I’m Eames,” he said, holding a hand out. Arthur raised an eyebrow. “That’s a surname,” he said. “Yes. And you’re supposed to tell me your name now,” Eames said. “Then we shake on it. It’s this thing called an introduction.”
~ Wolverine snorted again, louder this time. “I was turned into a teapot.” There was a long, heavy silence. 
“Yes,” Peter said, “and that’s why I think that all the bad luck I’ve had to endure until now was just so I could have this moment of karmic perfection.” Logan gave a low growl. “I was a pork pie,” Steve said, still stunned. “I was aware of being a pork pie, and yet I was still Steve Rogers, Captain America. Only as a pork pie.”
Hank went on as if he hadn’t heard. “This particular device alters reality following parameters that are totally independent from the user or users involved, though.”
“A teapot!” Peter interjected cheerfully. “A scary teapot with claws. But still a teapot.”
“A pork. Pie,” Steve said, darkly. Peter froze.
~ “Why does this feel so familiar?” he asked out loud to no one in particular. “I’m telling you guys, my life has taken a turn I don’t really like lately. I could be in Bolivia making dolls right now.”
“Could be worse,” Clay said, his eyes never leaving the two men. “Right now you could be in Bolivia making dolls.”
~ “Well, you know, he and Arthur are—” says Yusuf, and does something very obscene with his hands.
~ Tony quickly excuses himself. No story that starts with “My brother Loki, for example” is going to yield any sane advice, even though Thor frequently seems to think so.
~ 
“Hookers,” Clint drawls at him. “A billion dollars. A Lamborghini. A diamond ring.” Tony doesn’t even know why he asks Clint. It’s not like he expects Clint to even try to give sensible advice. 
“Classy,” Tony says. In hindsight, maybe that is why he asked Clint. At least it gives him a chance to feel superior.
~ “Tony,” Steve says slowly, “what have you done?”
“Nothing!” Tony shakes his head rapidly. “Yet. As I said, they’re plans. You get to choose.” And then he outlines plan number one, with a helpful presentation from Jarvis. It’s long, so Tony talks quickly, and in the end he’s slightly breathless, and Steve looks like someone watching the world’s longest car pile-up. “So at this point we should effectively have achieved a world government and global peace and stability, plus a solution to climate change and the energy crisis,” Tony finishes. “I didn’t plan any further than that.”
Steve gives him a very long and serious look. “Tony,” he says, “you just suggested that we conquer the Earth and then rule it as benevolent dictators.”
~
“It’s so nice to hear that you’re back in New York. Did you have fun in the desert?”
He knew he forgot to do something. “Who told you?” That doesn’t sound good. “I mean, I’m sorry that I didn’t call you, Mom.”
~
Arthur raises an eyebrow. “There’s this great big series of tubes, called the internet. I know it’s difficult for most elderly people to comprehend, but it lives in the computer and spits out information when you ask it to.”
~
“You know, in retrospect, it does seem kind of stupid.”
“There is no retrospect; it was stupid the instant you did it.”
~ Arthur raises an eyebrow. “My birthday was months ago.” “Don’t be a tit. I’m a busy man.”
~ “You stink of smoke,” she had said, instead of hello. “Would you like one?” Eames asked, smiling at full throttle. And they get along swimmingly from then on. 
~
Dinner is an unmitigated disaster. Mal is no longer speaking to either her mother or her husband, and Caroline cooks, which means it’s supposed to be healthy. Arthur is polite, and eats his portion with gusto and without a single grimace. Dom makes it through half of his chicken, but his limp spinach is untouched. Eames pretends he ate before he got there.
~ “You weren’t invited.” “You’ll find that generally doesn’t deter me, love.”
~
“What? No. What do you—” John has the feeling he’s having a totally different conversation than the one he thinks he’s having. “Wait, sorry, can we start over?”
~ “Oh,” Sherlock says, in a voice that John’s pretty sure means ‘I don’t understand at all, but I’ll take your word for it for convenience’s sake.’
~ “You have a cat?” Bobby said incredulously.
“We had a cat,” Dean corrected him. “Now you have a cat.” He held Jack out with both hands.
~ “Why are you a shape-shifter?” Cap asked, apparently willing to roll with the punches. “I offered to do something nice,” Tony said. “Okay,” Cap said. “Yeah, I can see why Fury might have come to that conclusion.” Tony might have said something impolite at that point.
~ “Tell me they’re not trashing the mansion.” “They’re not trashing the mansion,” Steve said, but he might have winced a little as he said it. “God, you’re a shitty liar,” Tony said.
~ “It’s a non-denominational winter holiday party,” Tony said automatically, because it made Fury roll his eyes and sigh every time and that never got old. “And no one listens to Christmas music at a non-denominational winter holiday party. Rogers. Steve. No one listens to Christmas music at all unless they’re putting on a Christmas pageant. Or hipsters. Do I look like a hipster? Does anyone here look like a hipster?” “I don’t know what that word means,” Steve said, and the jackass was grinning, he was, he was smirking right in Tony’s face. “You are a hopeless cause,” Tony told him. “There’s no fixing you. You’re just going to have to accept that you will never be cool and make the most of your life.” “I like Christmas music,” Steve said, because obviously that was the important part of the conversation.
~
“Could you be less awkward?” Steve asked. “I mean, if you tried? Are you trying? Is this you trying?”
~ “You and I need to schedule a few training sessions,” Steve said. “We’re not anticipating each other at all.” “I anticipated you saying that,” Tony said, sourly.
~ “I’m going to get trampled by a horse on the roof of my own house,” Tony said. “The tabloids are gonna love this. What do you think they’ll put on my tombstone? ‘Here lies Tony Stark whose life could not get any more ridiculous’?”
~ He shifts his weight, going from obstreperous to quizzical, his face scrunching up a little. “How is it, by the way, that you’re not dead?” “It’s a thing,” Jack answers. “Ah. That’s very enlightening. Thank you. I feel so much less traumatized now.”
~ “Mitchell,” he says formally. “I would like to go home now and have some breakfast. With bourbon in it.”
~
“Don’t give me that look. I don’t criticize your reading material. Or wouldn’t.  If I ever saw you reading.”
~ ‘I apologize but we don’t have time to argue. You aren’t one hundred per cent. You still walk with a hitch in your step Maria,’ he continues over her protests. ‘It’s barely noticeable but you practically got impaled by that spike. You stay at the monitor womb and lead those men because I trust that when the time comes, and destroying the gate is the only way to stop these things from invading Earth, you’ll do the right thing.’
‘Understood Sir,’ she emphasizes the title somewhat angrily and Steve seems amused by her. The next thing he does completely floors her. He’s leaning down and then his lips are pressed against hers. They’re chapped and scratch slightly, and Maria feels her insides jolt despite the innocent and chaste nature of the gesture. He pulls back and Maria stands there, stunned.
‘Just in case I never get a chance to do that,’ he murmurs before he’s gone, dragging Thor and a smirking Clay with him. The SHIELD agents left behind look like they’ve seen a horror movie and Maria clears her throat loudly.
‘Let’s get to work,’ she barks out and they scramble into action. Maria wants to ask one of them if that actually happened, but remembers who she is and doesn’t.
~ ‘Hello, my name’s Steve, I would be honoured if you’d join me for a rave, what I’ve been told is this era’s equivalent to the sock hop,’ Clay murmurs under his breath and Maria doesn’t react violently only because the man beside her is one of the few friends she has.
~ “Any lady would gladly have had me as their husband, you know,” Arthur told Guenevere, his tone full of mock severity. “Some of them begged for weeks. I could still have rid of you and marry a less impertinent bride.”
~ He glanced back at the magician, who was still stirring his potion. “Oh, bloody hell. Is it too much to hope for some magic with a bit of power? A bit of bang?” BANG, went the magician’s cauldron. A heavy shard of the cast-iron pot shot past Guenevere’s head, and the substance inside began to leak to the floor, steaming ominously upon contact with the stone. The magician himself blinked, wiped a streak of something from his cheek, and beamed up at Arthur proudly. “No,” said Arthur. The magician’s face fell.
~ “Cake would’ve been more amazing if Tony could tell the difference between salt and sugar,” says Clint, and then grunts as Natasha kicks him. “I’m just saying we probably shouldn’t eat it, is all,” he mutters.
~
Arthur glanced down and then recoiled slightly from the large lurid green font declaring, “SO YOU’VE BECOME THE YOUNGEST PRIME MINISTER IN BRITISH HISTORY AND FOUND OUT MAGIC IS REAL, YOU PROBABLY NEED HELP.” Arthur couldn’t argue with that.
~
“Is there any chance I am hallucinating?” Arthur managed at last, looking hopefully at Gaius since he, at least, had been around far too long to be a figment of his imagination.
~ “Perfect,” said Merlin happily. “I thought we could go for Italian, as it’s your favourite.” Arthur must have looked taken aback because Merlin added proudly, “I’ve been buying the muggle newspapers.” “Right,” said Arthur, like it all made perfect sense, trying to remember if he’d ever mentioned his food preferences in any of the numerous interviews he’d given over the course of the campaign.
~ There was a loud snort from the corner of the room and Arthur turned his head just long enough to glare at the portrait of Edwin, who had been pretending to read for the past week whilst passing judgement on Arthur’s prime ministerial skills through a series of snorts, mutters and well placed eye rolls (although Arthur had only caught him doing that once).
~ “I still think he ought to make more of an effort,” the woman was saying, shaking her head. “The Minister is a very sought after young man and I know for a fact that Gwaine from the Department of Magical Artefacts has been asking him out for at least five months.” “I turned him down though,” said Merlin quickly, with an anxious glance at Arthur.  Arthur was sure it had nothing to do with him who Merlin wanted to go out with; he was only here for the diplomacy. “I’m sure Gwaine is very romantic,” he muttered, because it didn’t bother him in the least. “He is,” said the woman helpfully. “He was nominated for Witch Weekly’s Most Charming Smile Award last year.” Arthur stabbed a fork into his pasta and ate it with the air of one who Didn’t Care.
~
“Oh no, there’s all sorts of rules about how long you can do it for, and how many times.” Merlin reassured him. “I had three Wednesday afternoons once and it was very confusing, I thought I was late for a meeting but when I got there I was already there.”
~ “No,” said Merlin unconvincingly. “It’s been a really quiet day for me, I haven’t seen anything unusual at all.” “I’m afraid that Merlin might have been rather indiscreet at the reception for the Albanian Ambassador yesterday afternoon,” Gaius interrupted in a long suffering tone. “There was a buffet,” said Merlin immediately, abandoning his attempts at discretion. “And they brought wine! I was only trying to practice drinking it; I didn’t know what I was doing. I don’t remember anything.”
~ “Really?” said Merlin, perking up. Then he caught Gaius’s eye and added, “oh my god, how awful,” in a shocked and horrified tone that didn’t convince anyone.
~ “And it’s not as though this could get any worse.” In hindsight, it was probably an ominous sign that Merlin didn’t answer that one.
~ He raised his voice. “You’re dating a boy?!” 
Ginny’s eyes went wide. “What? I am not!” she said. “I just told you—” 
Charlie came running out of the house. “What? Ginny!” 
A second later, Fred and George joined him. “What? What’d he say?” 
Charlie told them, “Ginny’s dating a boy!”  Ginny glared at Percy, who just smiled, and backed up so his brothers could demand to know who this boy was and where they could find him. She was still scowling at him as he escaped around the side of the house and headed for the back garden. He waved cheerily, then shoved both hands in his pockets and started looking for gnome activity.
~
“Started in on some unpleasant things about your ancestry; said you were descended from apes. And Mags said, still all polite, so are we all, except some of us seem to have stopped throwing shit at each other.”
~
“Tea” turned out to be a hot sweetened liquid, apparently administered for purposes of steadying the nerves. It worked admirably.
~ “I guess the concussion explains why I thought there were eight of you.” Jensen said cheerfully when Clay and the others came to visit. “I thought ‘what’s the chance of all these guys having twins?’ But then it could have been some weird government experiment or something, and I didn’t want to offend you guys.” “For the record, the correct answer to ‘are you injured?’ would have been ‘sir, yes sir’.”
~ “Mal, darling, I love you and all,” Eames said, “but can’t you do it more…” He wiggled his fingers in a circle above his head.  “Have pity on my limited understanding of your English ways,” she said, a hand perched on one hip, “And use language, not absurd gestures.”
~ “And what were you so good at when you were my age?” 
“Getting by without studying my arse off,” Eames said. “And playing poker,” he added thoughtfully.
~ “Eames!” he calls one night. “When’s the last time you paid taxes?”
“In what country?” Eames asks, coming in with a spoonful of something. “Oh, wait. Never, I suppose.”
~ They have a fight. It starts as a friendly argument of the merits of one gun over another, mutates into a screaming match about an extraction Arthur had fucked up three years ago, and is really about the fact that Eames had been offered a six-month job in Cairo right in front of Arthur that afternoon, and neither one of them knows how to talk about it. Arthur says a number of hurtful things that mean “The idea of living here for six months without you is upsettingly bleak,” and Eames says a number of hurtful things that Arthur thinks mean “Well I don’t particularly like the sound of it either, pet, but it’s not like you’ve ever given me any bloody indication that you’d mind,” and really the whole thing is very unpleasant.
~ /Your willingness to bail me out of South American jail on a scale of one to ten, one being ‘entirely unwilling’ and ten being ‘I’ll be there tomorrow’/ the text says. 
/1 but only b.c id never stoop to bail when i could break you out and id be there before tomorrow. been arrested have we?/
/Not yet. Will be following the public murder I’m considering. fuck I hate this job./ 
It’s at this point that Eames realizes several things. The first is that Arthur has forgotten to capitalize a word, which, despite his otherwise impeccable grammar, probably mean he’s drunk. The second is that Arthur has said something completely unprofessional and damning via text message, which almost definitely means he’s drunk. “Excuse me,” Eames says, fighting down a ridiculous sort of smile, “urgent business matter, needs must, do carry on,” and he steps outside. Arthur answers in two rings.
“‘M not actually going to kill anyone, Eames” Arthur mumbles, confirming the “drunk” theory beyond a shadow of a doubt.
~
He seems suitably distracted, so Eames lets his hand drift, ever-so-slightly, toward the plate resting on his thigh.
“Ten letter word for what I will do to you if you touch my bagel and schmear,” Arthur says, without looking up from his crossword.
~
“And what did he say, hmm? Did he offer you money or threaten you?”
“Why?” the clerk asks, narrowing her eyes. 
“So that I can do the other,” he says in a singsong voice.
The clerk looks him over for a long minute. Then: “He threatened me. Lots of threats. No money at all.”
~
He’s holding what looks like a wedding invitation over his head, glaring at it with unmasked irritation.
“I feel obligated to inform you that you cannot actually set things on fire with your eyes,” Eames says, proffering the bowl. 
~ “Arthur,” she says, “you told me he was attractive, you didn’t tell me he was gorgeous.”
“Don’t flatter him,” Arthur warns, flushing slightly. “He’s insufferable enough as it is.”
“That’s hardly going to change, darling, regardless of the truths spoken about me,” Eames says, grinning. 
~ “Could you talk quieter?” Arthur asks, wincing. “Be quieter in general, actually. Breathe less, maybe.”
“Poor thing,” Eames laughs, pulling Arthur against him. Arthur makes a muffled noise that Eames thinks is probably rage, but he reaches a hand up into Arthur’s hair and kneads his fingers gently against his scalp until he quiets.
~ “She married me,” he says, staring at her, in the disbelieving tones of someone who has already made this statement repeatedly to his various groomsmen. “I keep thinking this is a dream. Like I’m going to wake up and be back in high school, and she’s just going to be that girl in my English class who doesn’t know I’m alive.”
~ “Why are there three instruction manuals?” Ariadne asks, flipping through the one nearest to her. “It’s all the same product, isn’t it? Why should there be three?”
“Four,” Arthur points out, picking up the one that had been tucked under his leg. “Although I’m pretty sure this one is in Swedish, so maybe it doesn’t count.”
~
“I know this is the great tragedy of your life,” he tells her, grinning, “but, for the umpteenth time, inanimate objects cannot actually understand when they’re being threatened.”
~ “How’s your Pashtu?” Clay asks.
“Better than my Russian but worse than my Spanish,” says Jensen.  “Although my flailing supplemental arm gestures and my pretty obvious head injury mostly speak for themselves at this point, I think.”
~ “No unnecessary risks,” she warned.
“Those are my favourite kind,” he replied. 
~ “For the last time, Jake, the correct answer is Hooah. Hooah means yes, thank you, please, pass the ammo, and praise the Lord.”
~ “You know the motto: in God we trust, all others we monitor.”
~ Merlin pops his head around the doorframe and says, “So, if you had to rate on a scale of one to ten, how much do you fancy me?” Arthur drops the newspaper onto his lap and sighs. “What did you do?” “Hypothetically speaking,” Merlin says, “How much would you continue to fancy me had I –and again, this is all speculative –dropped something of value down the sink.”
~
He gave me a bleary, exasperated look. “Hangover first, questions later.”
~
“No, Dean. They’re in high school.”  “Did I say ‘break statutory rape laws’? I said ‘say Hi.’ There’s nothing wrong with making nice.”
~ “No, you don’t eat it. It’s part of the traditional wedding feast. You punch it a few times and hand it back. You’re part of the community now, so you help make sure the food’s dead.”
~ “Do you think our guests are drunk enough for us to slip away yet?” Behind Captain Nijarra, the stormtroopers burst into a lusty chorus of “The Twi’lek Girl Has Tassels, and Oh, She Twirls Them So.” “Good odds,” Han said. He frowned. “Actually, wait -- I don’t think I know this verse.”
~
It turns out Thor is a trash-talker, though Steve only understands about half the references he makes. But he doesn’t have to know what a bilgesnipe is to get it when Thor says, “Your mother lies with bilgesnipe.” 
~
Steve spends about ten minutes trying to explain Batman to Thor, and he’s still not sure Thor understands he’s fictional and not one of their colleagues at SHIELD.
~
“Modesty!” Thor crowed, slapping Steve on the shoulder so he nearly staggered off the step. “I have been told of this. It is just as ridiculous as it seemed.”
~
Tony turned back to face the team, all of whom regarded him with similarly bland, smug expressions. “Et tu?” he cried, “All of tu?”
“Whatever tu say,” Clint replied with a grin and an eyebrow waggle as he skipped down the steps. “See tu next week!”
~
“I hope you didn’t think I was too forward.”
“Forward is my favourite direction.”
~ “I know it’s probably good because it’s from a place I can’ t pronounce and it has a cork.”
~ “Make a hole, people. .Priority package coming through,” he yelled, barrelling through the crowd. 
“He means ‘excuse me’,” she explained breathlessly, as she ran after him. 
~ “Unless we stop it, when it explodes, it’ll take out the top three floors of the building.”
“I vote we stop it. What do I do? Lots of buttons, lots of buttons,” he said, flailing his hands around. 
~
“Rest in the fullness of your pleasure!” Thor replies, which sounds kind of dirty, but probably just means sleep well.
~ “Wait, wait, wait. “You meant ‘go inside’?” Tony asks. That is a terrible plan.
“How else will we find out what’s going on?” Steve asks, like this is obvious.
“I could ask Jarvis to do the research for us,” he says hopefully. From inside the suit, he hears a faint huff, as if Jarvis had just muffled vicious laughter. “Or we could leave it alone because it’s none of our business.” Steve gives him a look, and holds the door open, and for fuck sake, what even is this day?
~ “Look, I am very happy with Pepper, very, very happy,” Tony says. “It’s just that monogamy is a new look on me and Thor’s shacked up too so I’m counting on you and Clint to be my proxies until I get used to this.”
“Well, more for Clint then, I guess,” Steve says.
“Hey, are you guys aware you have your comms on?” Clint asks over their radios. 
“What is this shacked up?” Thor adds. 
~ “You look happy,” Tony says suspiciously.
“I see why they call you a genius,” Steve replies.
“You never look happy. The closest you get is patriotic,” Tony continues, peering at him. “Did we pass a new amendment to the Constitution? Did someone give you a flag?” 
~ “Hey,” said Kirk, feelingly. “Did you nerve pinch me again? You know I hate it when you nerve pinch me.”
~
“Mike idolizes you. He’d jump out a window if you told him to.”
“No he wouldn’t,” Harvey said. “He’d bitch about it for ten minutes and then do exactly what he wanted.”
~ “Apparently I’m only good for hacking the nineteen layers of security this room has in order to actually get to you,” Stark says. “We would have brought flowers but it was hard to carry them while we were breaking in through a maintenance tunnel.”
“He hummed the Mission Impossible theme the whole time,” Clint whispers. 
~
‘You know, if you moved into the Avengers Mansion you wouldn’t have to worry about shit like this,’ Clint points out.
Phil raises his eyebrows. ‘You mean, I wouldn’t have to worry about Tony Stark calling to pry into our personal lives because... I’d be living in the same building as him so he’d be able to do it firsthand?’
Thoughtfully, Clint pops a slice of carrot into his mouth. ‘Have I mentioned recently how much I hate your law degree?’
~ When Tony first suggested they throw a party for all the Avengers staying at the mansion, Steve thought it sounded like a fun and reasonable idea. That was his first mistake. When Tony ordered half the stock of the local liquor store to be delivered, Steve disapproved, but Tony said “Trust me,” and Steve did. That was his second mistake.
~ “Never have I ever worn eyeliner.” 
Natasha and Pepper took their shots in good nature. Clint proclaimed, “I hate you, and I’m not explaining,” then took a shot as well. 
~
“What happened to going to bed early?”
“The sun just came up, Eddie. It doesn’t get any earlier than this.”
~
“What looks to the crow like meandering, is to the water the most efficient route.”
~
“Your mother knows I exist,” Arthur says. “Why?” “You’re an investment banker,” Eames tells him. “You’re very good. You keep me in the style I’m accustomed to, and we are charmingly co-habitating.” Arthur pauses and tries to take that in. “Is there a reason why I’m your imaginary boyfriend?” Arthur asks. “You’re the most responsible person I know,” Eames says. “And therefore the imaginary lover she’d be the least depressed by.”
~
‘Bring Stark’, the message said at the end. Steve sort of liked how unsubtle they were about their surveillance of him.
~
“You did the right thing calling me,” he said without a second’s hesitation. “Can I speak to them?” Pepper tapped in the code that would bring the workshop’s line in, and then the code that overrode Tony’s busy signal. A tiny picture showed up on her screen, two figures waving their arms at each other. “You’ll be a fucking icicle, that’s why,” Tony was saying, already in the armour. “Look, why don’t I go - “  “Tony?” Steve said dubiously, and both figures spun like guilty marionettes, looking up and around. “Are you guys going to come get me to go to Russia? Should I come over there?” Pepper clapped her hand over her mouth to suppress a shriek. That was not the plan. “We don’t know,” Tony shrugged with a whir of machinery. “We’re just going to fly out to Novosibirsk and have a look round, you know.” There was a pause, long enough for everyone to acknowledge the stupidity of that plan. “Why don’t I come over,” Steve said. “And we can come up with a better plan before we head out?”
~ “Wow, if only we had ways other than official channels. Maybe a superhot superspy or something.” He waggled his eyebrows, and she gave a little twitch of her lips that managed to convey both total disdain and acknowledgment of the fact that yes, she was superhot.
~
“I love meetings,” Tony said. “How much do I love meetings? Pepper, how much do I love meetings?” “I’m assuming it’s a secret affair, Tony, as I rarely see you together.”
~ “I have more than one home, idiot,” Tony says.  “Your penthouse is fly, but it doesn’t have room—” “I have more than one home in New York.” Tony glared at Clint. “I have a place big enough for all of us, my parents’ house, nice garden, down Fifth Avenue, overlooking Central Park, very nice.” Clint stared at him.  “It sickens me you are so fucking rich you let a mansion on Fifth Avenue sit empty for decades,” he announced, and jostled Natasha. “Natasha, how do we Communist revolution.”  “It’s not empty,” Tony said, and waited three beats. “There’s a butler taking care of it, of course - “ “Fuck you, man, I’m seizing control of the means of production. That is a disgrace.” He pointed an accusing finger.   “You’re a sniper. You don’t produce anything.” Tony put on a face of deep thought. “In fact, it’s more of a service industry, isn’t it? Like a hairdresser—”  “What! What did you say? Oh my God,” Clint fumbled for his gun. “No, don’t stop me Natasha.”  “I’m not stopping you,” Natasha adjusted her position so Clint could get both hands on the gun. “I don’t mind living at SHIELD HQ.” Clint hesitated, gun barrel pointed safely ceilingwards. Pepper cast a glance at Fury, who was watching with amusement, apparently confident that either Clint wouldn’t murder Tony, or that it could be covered up. It wasn’t very comforting. She made a ‘do something’ face at him, and he raised his eyebrow.  “I think,” Fury said to Clint, “That if you shoot Stark, you will not be allowed to live in his decadent Capitalist wallow.”  “Even if it’s non-fatal,” Tony added. He’d pulled out his phone, and was scrolling idly through his contacts. “People who shoot me don’t get to live in my house, it’s a rule.”  “Oh, fine.” Clint shoved his gun away.  “Collaborator,” Natasha looked to be finding the whole situation hilarious. “You’re no comrade of mine.”
~
“I hear you’re our friend now,” she said, and Tony shrugged. “I’m letting you live in my house despite the fact you make my life a misery, so you’re either friends or family, and I refuse to have Clint as a relative.”
~
“Rhodey, take your shirt off,” he ordered, coming round the couch to stand in front of him, and Rhodey raised his eyebrows. “Quick, quick, important.” After a long second’s staring, Rhodey curled forward enough he could tug his t-shirt over his head. Tony surveyed him intensely. “I don’t find that at all sexy, Rhodey.” “Why have you broken in here to undermine my self-esteem, Tony?” “Kind of answered your own question there.” Tony put his hands on his hips. “Okay, Rhodey, I love you. You’re my best guy, true facts.” “I’m touched.” Rhodey pulled his shirt back on, giving him a suspicious look. “So you love me, but you don’t think I’m sexy. Maybe we should be, I don’t know, friends.” “But what if I did find you sexy?” Tony paced around the couch. “In retrospect, much of our friendship would be a little bit creepy.”
~
“I am stealthy. I am sneaky. I am a ninja.” Of course, Jensen’s pep talk to himself would have woken Cougar anyway, if he hadn’t already been awake, waiting for him to come to bed.
~
“Tony threw a tantrum when I said he couldn’t have scotch for dinner,” Natasha reports about as blandly as she would any other mission. “Apparently I’m now the devil.”
“She-devil!” Phil hears a voice from behind the couch. 
“He’s pouting.”
“I’m staging a sit-in!”
“In your own living room?” Phil asks and the five-year-old’s head appears above the back of the couch. “Where’s Steve?”
Steve appears beside Tony, holds up a small fist. “Solidarity,” he says. Phil tries not to laugh because that would just be encouraging them.
~
“I have a niece,” Phil offers, drops onto the kitchen stool next to Clint and jostles him with his shoulder. “You could borrow her.”
“That sounds kinda creepy,” Clint says. “Wait, you have a niece? Do you have a picture?”
“Not on me,” Phil says.
“You’re a terrible Uncle.”
“That’s what my sister keeps telling me.”
~
“You are not allowed to pass out from blood loss in this car, arsehole. You are bloody well staying awake until we get to the safe house, do you understand?”
“Eames,” Arthur says, a hoarse whisper. “Eames, I–”
“Oh, no,” Eames spits. “We are not doing any dying confessions bullshit, you fucking wanker.”
~
Arthur gives him a puzzled look, as if Eames has asked him what the square root of banana is.
~ “He had help.” “He had a dictionary.” Clay snorted. “You got your ass handed to you by a kid with a big book.” “Encyclopaedia.” They all stopped what they were doing and looked over to their guest. Jensen groaned and tried to look around, despite the blindfold. “I think it was an encyclopaedia.” “Is there a fucking difference?” Roque growled, clearly tempted to go over there and strangle him.  “Well yes. A dictionary is a book that lists the words of a language in alphabetical order and gives their meaning, or that gives the equivalent words in a different language. Where as an encyclopaedia is a book, or set of books, giving information on many subjects or on many aspects of one subject. Also, typically arranged alphabetically.” “I don’t need a fucking grammar lesson.” Roque also failed to point out that this had to be the first time any of them had ever been lectured by someone they had kidnapped. “Etymology, actually.”
~ Thor comes striding across the paintball field without a care in the world, Tony slung over his shoulder covered head to toe in paint splatters. Tony is protesting rather vehemently about being lugged about like a sack of potatoes, demanding to be set down.
“What’s he doing?” Darcy asks, bewildered. 
“I might have said something to Thor right before we separated about being able to keep whatever he shot.”
~ Darcy sighs. “I guess you were going to find out eventually. I’m an international jewel thief.” When he just gives her a dubious looks she says, “I can totally do that flippy thing through those laser security doohickeys.”
“I was doubtful, but then you went and knew all the lingo,” Clint says dryly.
~
“Aw, he likes me,” she said, making goofy faces at the puppy.
“He likes drinking out of the toilet. He’s not the best judge.”
~ “She thinks something’s up,” Fury interjects, impatience and a careful wariness in his tone. “She thinks you’re being held hostage.”
“We should probably work out a code for that,” Phil remarks wryly and he hears Fury snort. 
~ “I’m going to get you guys out of Dodge.”
“Stark, that’s-” Phil tries again to protest but Tony holds up a hand.
“Anyone else in the car with a private jet, raise their hands.” He waits for a beat, grins and says, “No? Really, that’s a shocker. How about you guys pull over somewhere with food and I’ll see you soon.”
~
“An island. You own an island?” Darcy is repeating, looking astounded. Phil is glad she can vocalize the amazement that they’re all feeling.
“A company, that owns another corporation, that has shares in a smaller shell company owns...” Tony huffs when Darcy kicks him in the shin, rolls his shoulders and lowers the sunglasses that he’s wearing at night inside an aircraft because he’s ridiculous. “Yes, if someone were to take the fifteen or so years to sort out the tangle of paperwork about it they would find that I do indeed own an island.”
“How are you even real?” Darcy asks, eyes gleaming. “How are you not evil?” 
~
“Should we call this in?” Tony asks guilelessly and he’s ridiculously pleased to hear Natasha swear. At least he’s pretty sure that’s what she’s doing from the inflection even if it’s in Russian. 
~
Something small and fast moving hits the grey blob and then explodes. Tony is thrown backwards and when he hits the ground, he taps his comms, says, “Fucking hell, Barton. A head’s up would have been appreciated!”
“Fire in the hole,” Clint says dryly.
~ “Hulk!” Tony greets brightly, making the guy flinch with his enthusiasm. “Let me show you to the bedroom furthest away from mine.”
“That’s fair,” Banner says glumly as he trails Tony. Tony smiles to himself when he hears Clint curse behind them.
~
“Plus, you’re wearing a man’s shirt.”
“This is my shirt,” Jane says, scowling and Tony just blinks at her. 
“Um, sorry?” he offers lamely. “I’m just used to women wearing stuff that... fits.”
“This does fit me,” Jane says, her frown getting deeper. “I think you’ll find that you’re used to women that wear clothes that don’t fit.”
“I really don’t want Thor to smash me into the ground with his giant hammer like a carnival game so how about we pretend I said exactly the right thing to stop pissing you off,” Tony begs.
~
“That was spectacularly slapstick of you,” Steve observes.
~ “Did you blow something up?”
“I don’t think so?”
“Should it worry me that you’re never sure that you haven’t when I ask that question?” he says, sounding resigned. 
~
“As much as that would please me, I wasn’t expecting you to come alone so I’m not actually here,” Loki says, passes his hand through a planter beside him much like Patrick Swayze in Ghost. 
“Hey, how’d you open the door then?” 
“I command dimensions, bring devastation and am a god and you wish to know how I opened a door?” Loki splutters.
~ “You’re brother’s a real dick, you know that?” Tony grumbles. 
Thor looks like he’s going to argue for a moment, but then sighs. “That is, unfortunately, an accurate assessment.”
~
“I want you to move in with me. It’ll be funsies.”
“Is that a word?”
“You’re not focusing on the important part of the sentence.”
~
“Oh, look, it’s your worried face,” Eames says delightedly. 
~ “Try not to get yourself killed. I don’t shag dead people,” she says, pointedly.
“Brilliant,” he says. “Less competition all around.”
~ “Are you going to fake your death in a house fire again? You’ll never have the reputation you need to find work if you keep changing your name,” Arthur mutter, mutinously, watching him on the monitor. “And you’re not allowed to take a U-turn there.”
““Which worries you more, my reputation or my illegal U-turn?” asks Eames. “My money’s on the illegal U-turn.” “Oh, for fuck’s sake,” Arthur says. “I’m right, aren’t I?” “I’m hanging up,” says Arthur.
~ “Just sell a couple,” says Eames, setting the Turner down carefully by the wall and dusting off his hands. Yusuf raises his brows. “Make yourself some money. I don’t particularly mind. Just make sure you note down who you sell them to, so I can steal them back.”
~
What happens instead is far from discreet. At a quarter past nine there’s an almighty explosion and the sound of glass smashing from the hotel lobby. He’s fiddling with the buttons to sharpen the image when Arthur opens the car door and slides into the passenger seat. “Copyright infringement,” Eames accuses, immediately dropping the monitor into his lap and peeling the car away from the curb. “I have a patent on that method of distracting a tail.” “You and half the action movies of the decade,” says Arthur.
~ “The way of the future,” Eames repeats, disgusted. At the same time, a set of headlights belonging to a black vehicle swings into the road behind them. Eames speeds up a little. “Where’s that from, The Aviator?” “Which one’s that?” says Arthur, deftly assembling rifle parts from Eames’ glove-box.  “The one with the planes and the squinty guy,” Eames says. Arthur winds down the window and leans half out, opening fire on the car behind them. His elbow is hooked in the still-fastened seatbelt as a precaution. 
“That’s redundant. You can’t tell me that there’s planes involved, I’d inferred that already from the movie title.” Eames takes the next corner at fifty-five miles an hour. Arthur’s centre of gravity shifts neatly, as if his body is already one with the car. “Fine. The guy is squinty, half-mad, and deaf.” “Sounds like someone I know.” Arthur opens fire again. “I hope you’re not sleeping around behind my back,” Eames says. “Can’t talk, busy shooting things up,” says Arthur.
~ “I’ve been thinking,” says Arthur. “We’ve known each other five years. I’ve done my own jobs, and you’ve done yours, but I keep having to drop out of jobs halfway to make sure no-one actually gets a hit on you.” Eames knows this. In the past year or so, he’s started making sure that he only takes on jobs when Arthur’s not in the middle of one, or tries to get it so that they’re both in the same country at the time to avoid all the last-minute intercontinental flights. He doesn’t say this, though, because he’s sure that Arthur’s noticed. If there’s a maxim that Eames is prepared to live by, it’s that Arthur always notices everything.
~ “It was four years ago, get over it,” Arthur retorted, taking another swig of whiskey. “I’m straight!” Cobb repeated, flailing a little. Arthur leaned over and rested his head on Cobb’s shoulder. “I’m sorry,” he slurred, as Cobb rubbed his back. “Really, I think you’re gross.” “Thank you,” Cobb said sincerely.
~
“Cobb apologizes for being a dick.”
“Does he really?”  “Well,” he admitted, stepping further into the hotel room. “Not in so many words, because he was having trouble being articulate. But the intent was there, and he asked me to communicate to you what he wasn’t able to say.”
~ “I thought we were done talking about this,” Eames says. “I believe I made that point very clear when you picked me up from the airport.” “So did I,” says Yusuf, “but you keep staring off into the distance with this despondent look in your eyes.”
~
“What’s that noise all about?” “Nothing,” he says. “Just...hmm.”
“Yes I got the ‘hmm’ part, Yusuf. What the bloody hell is that supposed to mean?”
~ “You’re a twat,” Eames says. “You’re asking me for love advice,” Yusuf counters. “There is no way I’m the twat in this situation.” “I’m not asking for you love advice, I was simply trying to explain my side of the situation to you, which you didn’t even bother to listen before jumping to insane conclusions. I can be reliable, nobody seems to— holy shit I love Arthur.” “Spot on,” says Yusuf. “Now hand me that vial.” He points in a rather vague direction, so Eames picks a vial at random and hands it to Yusuf, who takes it without looking.
~ “I care about you,” he says. “I care in a way that would warrant you calling me when you have a tail you can’t shake, or want someone to have a drink with, or perhaps just...have. Actually I think I’m rather in love with you.” Eames is amazed at how fast Arthur goes from cutthroat to speechless. “I’m not drunk,” Eames says, just to clarify.
~
Her brother Mycroft is much better than her at their game, which has no name but that she secretly calls “Make All the Adults Angry”.
~ “Aren’t you supposed to be the good, calming influence?” Clint says. Water drips from his nose.
“I’m improving morale,” Steve says.
~
“If I didn’t know you both have the answer parameters memorized, I’d force you both through psych evals.”
~
He tries to explain it with the vocabulary of a man used to letting his actions speak for him, and they all put it in the ‘doesn’t need an explanation because it’s magic’ column.
~ “Wait, you can fly too? Was the law of gravity repealed when I wasn’t paying attention?”
~ “It was called The Dragon and the Princess! Little girls love that kind of thing!” “It made her cry, Harvey! Linda sent me a photo of the thing and seeing it made me want to leave the lights on at night, so I don’t want to hear another word about it. No matter if it’s an investment into the future, or the work of an up-and-coming artist that’s going to double in worth over the next couple of years, this year you are going to buy your family real Christmas presents.”
~
“So, where are we going first?” Mike asks and Harvey winces. ‘First’ implies that there will be a ‘second’ and possibly, dreadfully even a ‘third’, and Harvey isn’t too sure he likes the idea. There has to be a way to get all of his presents in one place, with minimal effort and without wasting an entire morning or more on it.
~ Sherlock gives him a look as if he finds John’s profound ignorance personally offensive.
~ Sherlock studies him intently. “I don’t understand. Why don’t you want to help? You like helping people.” He sounds so confused and aggrieved that John has to grin. “That’s true enough. Was that your whole strategy? Play on my compassion?”
Sherlock shrugs. “The evidence suggests that you’re prone to bouts of irrational sympathy for people you don’t know.”
~
“Good God! Didn’t you consider potential escape routes at all when you chose this flat?” Sherlock sounds ridiculously put-out by this. John jabs a finger in his direction. “If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have to escape, maniac! Don’t make this seem like a failing on my part!”
~
“Mike?” Harvey calls, giving the cheap, hollow-core wood of Mike’s door a few more solid whacks. “I know you can hear me in there!”
“You’re not my boss on Saturday!” Mike yells back. At least he’s responding now, which is more than Harvey could say for the first five minutes he was pounding away.
~ They reached camp (two rusty metal sheds and a tent) just as they started to run out of conversation and Summers looked around with a grimace. “Goodbye, personal hygiene,” she muttered, sounding girly for the first time. “I’ll miss you.” 
~
Military said women should have their own sleeping quarters but that sure as shit didn’t fly out here. Summers didn’t bat an eyelash, only said, “Chorus snoring. Awesome.”
~
She looked at Pooch very carefully before asking neutrally, “Linwood?” He shrugged. He loved his momma, but he’d accepted long ago that she’d been very high when she’d named him.
~ Pooch, who was still hung up on the way Roque had said ‘fifty dudes with AKs’ like other people said ‘cloudy with a possibility of rain’, took a moment to work through what she’d just said.
~ Phil pinched the bridge of his nose before looking hopeful. “You said something about good news.”
~
“That’s the cutest thing I’ve ever seen. It’s making my teeth hurt,” Tony pointed out. “I’m going out to go buy your brat some toys and prove myself worthy of Uncle-ship.”
~ “Am I allowed to poison a team member?” Milla wonders aloud as she drifts back to her workspace after the meeting.  “How important is a point man, really?” Austin says in encouragement.
~ “You’re not worried he’s dead, are you?” Jane asked, and wow, Darcy had just been worried he’d hooked up with Natasha or something and ditched her, but that was a whole new thing to lose sleep over.
~ “No,” he said very seriously. “That did not happen.”
“You’re a liar. Your pants are on fire and it’s because of your dishonesty.”
“It’s because my ass is hot,” he countered, and leaned down to kiss her.
~ As the only lab tech in New Mexico, Darcy’s workday had been nicely segmented into Morning Drudgery, Facebook Time, Lunch, Actual Productivity Hour and Late-Day Wind-Down Fuckery and as long as she wasn’t being obvious about slacking, Jane didn’t say anything (probably because she didn’t notice).
~
He pointed at the phone. “Answer that. Tell them I’m busy and take a message.” He pointed at the computer. “The password, I believe, is ‘kittens’,” he said, as if the word tasted bad in his mouth. “Change it, please. To an actual password. My schedule is on there. Maintain it for me.”
~ “I have a Twitter?” Steve asked. “I didn’t know I had a Twitter.”
“You update it, like, every other day,” Peter said.
“I’m pretty sure I don’t.” He cast an exasperated glance in Tony’s direction. “Tony, are you impersonating me on Twitter?”
~
“You were enamoured with my good looks,” Eames said hopefully. “God will smite you for telling falsehoods,” Arthur said. “And as punishment for such an unforgivable transgression, I’m cancelling my plans to sleep with you tonight.” “Oh, come on,” Eames said, looking on with interest as Arthur straightened up sharply to squeeze off some shots. “You never had plans to sleep with me tonight.” Arthur sniffed. “Well, now you’ll never know, will you?”
~ “It smells like me,” he repeats, trying to find some logic in the words. Eames nods. “I’m very fond of you, after all.” Arthur shakes his head rapidly, like that might help shake out the crazy. When he stops, Eames is still sitting at Arthur’s kitchen table like he owns the place, like he belongs. “You’re fond of me.” Eventually, things will start making more sense and he’ll be able to do something other than parrot Eames’ words back at him. Now is not that time.
~
Tony orders pizza in a selection that ranges from “extremely fancy” to “cheese.” Then, when there’s no more pizza, and Thor’s already talked about Jane, and Tony suspects all of them realize, abruptly and simultaneously, that they actually have no idea what to do now. He is, in fact, pretty certain that they’re just a few minutes away from someone deciding to say something about the weather. It’s probably going to be him.
 “So how about that sky today,” says Tony, and hates himself.
“What an impressive shade!” Thor says, gamely. Thor is kind of the best. Romanoff raises an eyebrow at him. Him, Tony, specifically, not Thor, even though Thor is right there, about to describe blue.
~
Nobody falls asleep into a small pile of errant lettuce (Rogers; Tony has pictures, one day the Internet will also share his joy); nobody cracks a joke and accidentally insults three quarters of the table (Thor); nobody bleeds onto the floor and then tries to surreptitiously clean it up with napkins (Romanoff, with Barton assisting on cleanup duty). It is, in fact, a perfectly acceptable meal for the first twenty minutes.
 “-- the most epic of battles,” Thor is saying, which is something he says a lot when he’s finishing up one story or another, and Phil Coulson says, “Hi there,” and takes a fist to the face almost before he’s finished speaking. He goes down in a tangle of limbs and Romanoff shakes out her hand and leans over to help him back up; Tony didn’t even seen her move, she’s that fast. Barton makes the same sound he made three weeks ago when a giant robot drop-kicked him in the chest and cracked three of his ribs, and then he’s suddenly not even in the room.
[…] Barton pokes his head through the now-empty window, upside-down. “So I was uh -- outside,” he says, casually, like he didn’t just hurl himself out of the building the moment he saw Phil, “and noticed that something that looks like a dragon and an octopus had a terrifying, man-eating baby is setting up base in Central Park.”
~ “Put me on with Fury,” Tony says. “No, I’m sorry, that wasn’t actually a request, did it sound like a request?”
~ There is a rustle of fabric, followed by a waiter shaped blur, and a second chair, a napkin, a full set of cutlery, and a chilled glass of water appear in its wake.
~ “Are we about to have a ridiculous-reasons-to-be-having-lunch-in-Tuscany-off? This is the vibe I’m picking up on, here. Pro tip: your entry is not gonna stand out from the crowd if it’s Reason Redacted.”
“I’m on a mission,” Barton offers. “Or I was.” He looks briefly, intensely frustrated. “We salvaged what we could once a crowd of small children took one look at me and start shouting ‘Arrow Man! From the TV!’. So now SHIELD gets to re-evaluate my field status.”
~ The two of them are in their caped mythical glory, except not, because they both look like hell warmed over, poured into a bottle, and given a liberal and extended shake. If Tony’s not mistaken, the hemline of Thor’s cape was either recently on fire, or is about to ignite.
“Oh hey,” says Tony.
“It is good to see you, Tony Stark, Clint Barton,” says Thor, in a way that suggests it is not good at all, and he would actually have much preferred hanging out with mass murdering supervillains without anybody noticing.
“I meant,” says Tony, helpfully, “oh hey what the fuck.”
~
The day that Steve moves into the newly-renamed Avengers Tower, three supervillains thoughtfully throw them a housewarming party that involves a lot of actual fire.
~ “Make bacon,” Natasha suggests, in a manner that indicates it’s less a suggestion and more an order.
“Make bacon, Rogers,” Clint immediately seconds, from the floor. Steve abandons the oatmeal and starts to rummage through the freezer. 
Steve peers around the open freezer door at them. “There are six kinds of bacon in here,” he says.
“That’s the bacon freezer,” Tony explains.
“It is literally full of bacon,” says Steve. Natasha gives Tony an approving nod.
~ “I have this great guerrilla marketing idea,” he said, as he rushed out of the room.  She pinched the bridge of her nose. “Ben, go with him. Make sure it doesn’t involve any actual gorillas.”
~ “You didn’t start writing the victory speech, did you? We haven’t gotten the results yet.”
“Yup and then I murdered a black cat with a mirror.”
“Under a ladder?”
“Open umbrella, indoors. Thought that was better.”
~ “Ah, I forgot about the time difference in Rangoon.” “Sleeping,” Arthur mumbles. “Dreaming of me, I hope.” “No.” “Sadness and woe,” Eames says.
~ “If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?”  “I will shoot you, Mr. Eames,” Arthur says, pointing his Walther right at Eames’ forehead. Eames frowns. “I’m fairly sure that’s not what I asked.”
~
“Ignore him,” Steve advises, which invites Natasha to chime in with, “It’s how we all avoid strangling him in his sleep.”
~ Steve’s brain sort of failed on him when he tried to comprehend the enormous social faux pas that was returning from the dead and rendering a decades-old war memorial obsolete. He should probably apologise to someone.
~
“We’ve got a dozen... aliens down in holding cells. Or, if you want to look at it another way, twelve foreign nationals we kidnapped and are holding against their wills.” Because apparently in the future they were on friendly terms with alien gods. Steve had been unable to work up any surprise. You’re in the future. We’ve been to the Moon. There’s a black President. You can carry a computer in your pocket. The Norse Gods are real, kind of. At some point, you just have to give up and go with the flow, and hope no one’s screwing with you.
“Tricky,” Steve said, which judging from the face Fury made, was a massive under-reaction. But it wasn’t like Steve had ever met an alien, or been involved in diplomacy or politics. It was way above his paygrade.
“That’s tricky? I’ve read some Norse mythology. We have historians on the payroll now. The Bifrost hiccups, we can expect anything from buxom women on flying horses to fire giants. Now, I don’t know what a fire giant is, but I don’t like the sound of it.” He looked at Steve expectantly. Steve looked down at the polished pine floor.
“Maybe you should stop using the Bifrost.” It seemed reasonable to him, but Fury just sighed.
~ “Are you allowed in there?” Hawkeye looked at Stark, who was picking up each gun, examining it with care, and then tossing it back into place. Stark shrugged.
“My access pass worked.”
“Your access pass acquires mysterious new powers whenever you get close to a SHIELD computer.”
~
“Classified,” Stark said happily. “Seriously! Super secret, you’ll have to wait for a briefing.”
Steve judged by the glance Clint exchanged with Natasha that she would shortly be fully informed, and suppressed a sigh.
~ “You should not have come.” Reproach filled Thor’s voice. “I was making a dramatic exit. You ruined it.”
“Yeah, well, I wasn’t done talking,” Tony said.
“I didn’t think it was wise to let you go off like that,” Agent Hill added.
“I didn’t think about it.” Steve shrugged when Tony turned to give him an incredulous look. “I don’t know, everyone else was doing it.”
~
“If I wanted to go somewhere spontaneously, how would I do it?” the President asked.
The agents looked at each other. “Well, sir, I would inform our immediate supervisor in the Secret Service who would inform the head of the Secret Service and the White House press secretary, who would inform the White House press corps. One hundred fifty individuals would assemble, along with your bulletproof presidential limousine, your chase, your follow car, your ambulance, two unmarked vehicles as well as the sharpshooters and the Marine guard—”
~
“I know how!” Thor says, excited because he can’t usually contribute to these conversations. “You go the place of governance,” he tells Steve, earnestly. “You and your beloved take vows before a man of the justice and the peace.”
Tony squints at him. “That’s not insanely wrong,” he says, confused.
~ “I told no one,” Thor insists, looking violated. “I vowed on my honour. I vowed on Mjolinar.”
~ “What do you think you’re doing Holmes?” “Well, I was reading, and then you tore the book from me, so now I am waiting patiently for an explanation.”
~ Rory stared. “There must be some kind of mix up,” he finally said. “You don’t look anything like the Doctor.” He paused. “Maybe you’re a family member? Distant cousin? Brother?” The man raised his eyebrows in amusement. “Sort of a... past, alternate, duplicate. It’s a long story.” “He grew out of a hand,” the woman supplied helpfully.
~ “Did you see the size of him? We wouldn’t get two steps,” Arthur explains, slowly and clearly so that Eames can understand. “Besides, the kitchen cabinets are probably full of Kalashnikovs.”
Eames gives him a disapproving look. He says, “Now, that’s just stereotyping. We might as well make the best of it.” 
Arthur stares at him incredulously. “Make the-? Do you actually fucking hear yourself when you talk?” he says. “We’re stuck under a bed, in a room full of dust and spiders, with a Russian wielding an AK-47 on the other side of the wall.”
Eames clicks his tongue against the roof of his mouth, in a tut of disapproval. “To be fair, we only know for a fact that he owns machetes. The assault rifles are probably just a figment of your imagination.”
~
Jensen couldn’t decide whether he was having the best week ever, or the worst. 
“The best,” Aisha said immediately, helpfully cluing Jensen in to the fact that he had been thinking out loud again.
~ “This is sauroposeidon,” Aisha said, like she was undercover hosting a black-tie dinner party and graciously introducing guests to one another, rather than six feet off the ground with an elephant gun strapped to her back.
“Sauroposeidon,” Clay repeated, and nodded very seriously. He was wearing his fascinated face, the fucker. Jensen was so not sharing a tree with them tonight.
“Sauroposeidon is an enormous walking stomach,” Aisha crooned. “It has barely any brains to speak of and spends its entire life eating and shitting and laying thousands of eggs.”
“Thousands,” Clay said. From the next tree over, Cougar gave Jensen a Look. Cougar had been giving Jensen a lot of Looks that said, broadly, “This is TERRIBLE,” since Mission: Dinosaur Adventures got the official Claisha go-ahead. Jensen was never allowed to use their smush couple name out loud ever again, but inside his own head was safe enough. 
~
The problem was that Jensen had been having way more difficulty than usual reading the more specific issues contained within Cougar’s “This is TERRIBLE” face. Jensen was usually an excellent Cougar-to-Words translator, but now? Not so much. When he explained this to Pooch during the last Petunias practice, Pooch had whacked him in the shoulder, called him a dumb-ass, and then stuck a five-er in the swear jar. Jensen was obviously having an off-month, but goddamn, Emily was gonna have an Ivy League education funded almost entirely by his team’s potty mouths, so there was that.
~
She was also apparently filthy rich, which meant they didn’t even have to steal a helicopter this time, because she had one already.
~ Clay either immediately liked you, or immediately didn’t, and his opinions were thus far unchanged by inconveniences like bombs and minor betrayals. Cougar and Jensen had developed an overly complicated system of hand signals for the purposes of betting, in real-time, which way Clay would go when meeting new people.
~
“Right,” said Jensen. They walked in silence for a few moments, and then he said, “So hey. You’re an outsider. You have eyes.”
“Both those things are true,” said Tim, gamely.
“Do you think that guy–” Jensen jerked a thumb forward in Cougar’s direction – “is upset with me?”
“Well,” said Tim. “No?”
“That didn’t sound very certain.”
“I’ve really only just met you guys,” said Tim.
“This is what I mean by outside perspective.”
~
Lex was waiting for them on the roof of an InGen corporate building, signalled by Jensen’s victorious “\o/” text message. The touching sibling reunion between Lex and Tim consisted of a lot of whisper-shouting and sucker-punches to shoulders, and then a heartfelt hug during which both of them said vicious, unkind things about the other’s intelligence.
~ “Whatever it is you’re about to say,” Arthur interrupts, “I can guarantee it’s going to piss me off.”
~
“I’ll untie you if you want,” Eames continues when Arthur just keeps glaring at him. “I’ll be incredibly sad and disappointed, but I’ll do it.” “Don’t you think that’s a little emotionally manipulative?” Arthur asks. “I don’t think that’s very good for our relationship.”
~
“You can’t possibly expect me not to take advantage of the fact that you can’t punch me in the face right now.”
~ “I am being serious. I am being terribly, terribly serious. This is my serious face.”
~
Arthur coughs, spitting out another glob of blood and saliva and trying to blow a lock of hair out of his face. He stares balefully down at the ruined shirt holding his ribcage together.
“What’s wrong?” asks Eames, eyebrow raised, then reconsiders. “Well, besides the obvious.”
“I liked this shirt.”
~ “Want a hand?”
“No, I’ll just sit on the floor and bleed my way to the elevator.”
~ “I’m eighteen.” “Nice try.” “Sixteen.” Harvey just gives him a look. “Sixteen next month,” the boy mutters.
~ “Promise I’m not a serial killer.” “That’s exactly what a serial killer would say,” Mike points out.
~
“Are you out of your actual mind?” Mike asks, squirming, voice muffled against Harvey’s shoulder. “Leggo me, crazy person!” Harvey lets him go, looks him over, satisfied now that Mike has been located and deemed whole. “What the hell, Harvey?” Mike asks, with every ounce of teenage-boy-who-hates-public-hugging he possesses. Harvey has no way of explaining this without making Mike think he’s flipped out even more than he already does.
~
“I’m here to help you guys move. I understand contractually that requires you to buy me pizza and beer,” Charles announces.
~
“You’ll be back in the field in a week,” he assures Clint. 
“Booya,” Clint replies, a little dopey from pain medication. 
“Booya,” Coulson mutters disbelievingly. 
~ “I’m not old-fashioned,” Steve grumbles. 
“You opened your last text message to me with Dear Ms. Potts,” Pepper replies. 
~ “Pepper said you needed someone to punch things,” Steve said. “I have some experience in this field.”
Tony grinned at him. “Pepper thinks I’m undersocialized.”
“I’m just here to punch things,” Steve replied.
~ “His murderous robot attacked me,” Steve put in.
“He was defending his master as is just and proper,” Tony replied.
~ “I was coming up to see if he’d eaten. Guess you beat me to the punch,” Bruce said with a smile.
“You know, I do occasionally function as an independent person and I haven’t died yet,” Tony announced.
“You had Pepper,” Bruce said. “Who left very strict orders about your care.”
“You see what I put up with?” Tony said to Steve.
“Yes, it must be terrible living with multiple people who care so deeply about you,” Steve said, poker-faced. 
~
“Lots of lawyers fail the bar,” she argued.
“All lawyers pass the bar. That’s what makes them lawyers,” he replied
~
 “On broomsticks,” Fred says then.   “Brilliant,” George agrees.  “You’re on your fifth glass of firewhiskey-spiked punch,” Hermione points out tartly. “You think everything is brilliant.”  “Underwater!” George says, as if Hermione hadn’t interjected. “With a merfolk band and gillyweed for all the guests.”
~
“If you’re going to treat me like a fragile wilting flower, Barton, I will fly you to the desert and leave you there,” Natasha says, more teasing than dangerous. “And of course I wasn’t worried.” 
“She leaves terrifying, she comes back terrifying,” Clint says, relieved despite himself. “Which desert, out of curiosity?” 
Natasha rolls her eyes. “Like I’d tell you. That would make it too easy.” 
“Have I mentioned lately that you are my favorite murderous lunatic?” 
“I’m everyone’s favorite murderous lunatic, Clint,” Natasha says. “I mean, usually only for the last four, five minutes of their lives, but still.” 
~
“Hi,” Clint says, and presses through another rep. “You feel better?” 
“For a given definition of better,” Natasha allows. 
~
“Well, for one thing, you hate the way I eat yogurt.” 
“What could you possibly do to yogurt,” Natasha starts, and then Clint puts the container to his lips, tips his head back, squeezes until the entire cup has emptied into his mouth, and swallows. “…Wow, yes. Okay. I…really, really hate that, Clint, is it honestly too difficult for you to use a spoon--oh my god, did you eat it all?” 
~
“You are bad at this,” Natasha says delightedly, from three branches above him.
“You have…have…monkey DNA,” Clint calls back, “I’m a normal human man, it’s just not right.” 
~
“You could have told me, you know,” he says lightly, instead of, I am an idiot for taking this long to work it out.
~
“The first time you told me you loved me,” he says, carefully casual, “you were wearing a cheesehead hat. In Wisconsin.” 
“No,” Natasha says, sounding scandalized rather than frightened at not having the memory. “No, that does not sound like something I’d do at all, I refuse to accept that as truth.” 
“You decided you wanted to see a football game—” 
“Oh, no I did not—” 
“You did,” Clint says, shaking his head. “You said that if you were going to kill someone whose last words were ‘Tell my ex-wife I’ll shiv her for those Packers tickets if I have to,’ the least you could do is see what all the fuss was about. You spent the whole time complaining that there were more interesting ways to watch people hurt each other, but I did get you to put on the hat eventually. I think you kind of liked it, really.” 
“I did not like the cheese hat, Clint,” Natasha says, stern, and Clint throws his head back and laughs. 
“That’s what you said then, too,” he says, when he’s got it down to a dull roar.
~
After they’ve eaten they drift into the living room, Clint flat on his back on the couch and complaining about the inaccuracies in Saving Private Ryan while Natasha alternates between reading the book from earlier and mocking him.
~ “We’re not actually married, right,” she says after a moment, sleep-starved and exasperated, her voice a faint rasp in the darkness. “That’s not a bomb you’re waiting to drop or anything, is it?” 
“There is no document, in any country, legally attaching us to one another in any traceable way,” Clint says, grinning despite himself. “Remember what I said about doubting your paranoia?” 
~ “Leave me alone here in this bed,” Clint says, stretching out against the sheets with a pointed, satisfied grunt, “or here in this house? Because if it’s just the bed, I gotta tell you, I am not objecting. How come I got cotton sheets and you have silk ones, Tash? You thought I wouldn’t notice, but I did, I totally did, and I demand answers.” 
“Demand them?” 
“Humbly request them?” Clint tries, raising his eyebrows. “Send away for them, just three easy payments of $19.99? Requisition them from the SHIELD holding facility?” 
“The information you’re seeking is classified,” Natasha says, in a devastatingly good impression of SHIELD’s automated response system. “Thank you for your interest.” 
~
“Oh,” Clint says. “In that case, take as long as you like, take a year, go on a miraculous quest--can I sleep in this bed while you’re gone, though? Because seriously, this bed kicks the shit out of my bed. My bed weeps in the night because it is not this bed. My bed, in summation, sucks.” 
~
“It’s not a command center, it’s a home security system,” Natasha says, even though it’s the size of a walk-in closet and filled with enough equipment to outclass pretty much any home security system on earth. “And beggars can’t be choosers.” 
“That expression makes no sense in this context,” Clint starts.
~ “Oh, baby, I missed you,” he croons to his bow. 
“Should I be jealous,” Natasha says, very dry, and Clint grins. 
“I met her first,” he points out. “Also, she lets me call her baby.” 
“Please don’t tell me that I have ever allowed you to--” 
“Not even once,” Clint says cheerfully, putting the bow down flat on the sheets and checking it over. “The second time we had sex, you stopped me in the middle and told me that if I ever called you anything but your name, in any arena, for any reason that wasn’t strictly required for maintaining a cover, you would personally tattoo the word in question somewhere noticeable on my body.” 
“Aww,” Natasha says. “That was almost sweet of me, really. There’s a guy out in the world less the use of two fingers for calling me sugar, you know.” 
~
“How ‘bout you? You find what you were looking for?” 
“Came back for it,” Natasha says, and then holds up a hand. “Stay. I want to try something.” 
Came back for it, Clint repeats, cycling it over and over in his head, his smile wide and stupid in the mid-afternoon light. It’s the third most romantic thing she’s ever said to him, following “I don’t know why I love you,” and “If you die I’ll haunt your afterlife”.
~ Natasha shrugs without dislodging the apple on her head, which really shouldn’t be possible. Then she smiles, and it’s as huge and brilliant as her voice is when she yells, “I trust you, Barton. Make the shot.” 
And suddenly it’s the simplest thing in the world, this and now and her and them, loosing an arrow with his heart in his throat, she trusts me, she trusts me. It’s a clean shot, the apple exploding on impact and the arrow careening on; Natasha doesn’t even flinch, and she does trust him, has trusted him for years, didn’t kill him in Vladivostok and didn’t leave him in Lisbon. 
“I got apple in your hair,” Clint says, which is the single least intelligent sentence he has ever uttered in his life, bar none. 
~
She has a few odd pre-packaged containers with Cyrillic lettering on them that she throws in boiling water. Tony says it’s instant borscht, because he thinks taunting Natasha near boiling water is wise.
~ “So,” Bruce said carefully. “You’re saying that your tower became a big target for an alien army, so you’re going to rebuild it as an even bigger target?”
“Well, when you put it like that, it sounds stupid,” Tony said. 
~
“I can’t figure out if they’re making dinner or building a sacrificial altar,” Tony says.   There had been an argument about who would cook; it had involved minor fork-related injuries. Darcy and Thor had won, and they’re crowded around the grill now, pointy weapons in hand. It’s only a little bit terrifying how often flames leap toward the sky, and how loudly they both laugh when it happens.
~
“Wait,” Natasha interrupts. “How can his thighs be molten steel? Wouldn’t they be liquid then?”
“I think they just mean his thighs are really hot and hard,” Clint says.
“Well, that’s sloppy writing,” she says. Steve turns on the radio.
~
Tony is happy to squeeze into the Corolla and come with them the rest of the trip, which gives Steve a headache because 1) it’s a tiny car, and 2) Tony’s elbows are weapons of mass destruction. With how often he’s texting, or pointing at random pieces of foliage in the horizon. Not to mention his blatant disregard of the use of other people’s laps as private domains.
~ “Cairo,” Stark says. “Exaggerated horror story for newbies,” Clint responds. Steve frowns. “Anchorage.” “Classified,” Natasha says. “Beirut,” offers Bruce. “Hearsay.”  “Berlin.” “Lies.” “Tokyo.”
“Which time?” Clint asks, and snickers into his beer when Steve’s head drops into his hands. “Rio,” suggests Bruce. “That one’s true.” “All of it?” Stark looks a whole lot more interested. “It said you killed a guy with your underwear.” “With the boning in my corset,” Natasha corrects. “Not... whatever you were thinking.” “Well, that’s a whole lot less fun,” Stark sighs. “What about Glasgow?” “Mostly Nat’s fault,” Clint says quickly. “Traitor,” she murmurs, and Clint salutes her with his beer bottle, tipping his chair back on its legs.  “Helsinki?” Steve looks kind of worried now. “You’ll need to get Clint a whole lot drunker,” Natasha replies.
~
“It is a spell,” Thor says. “A very powerful one, and I do not know how Loki gained access to the…”
“Because he’s so respectful of boundaries and rules,” Tony interrupts.
~
“Was this his entire plan?” Natasha asks. “It’s not his style.”
“Idiotic plan that backfires literally into his face,” Tony objects. “Exactly his style.”
“Take away your powers,” Natasha says, “and then?”
“Narcissistic taunting?” Bruce offers.
“Are we talking about Tony or Loki?” asks Steve.
“I’d have a better plan,” Tony says.  “Take away your powers, transport you to the middle of nowhere…”
“Check, Check,” says Clint.
“Kill you all,” says Natasha, unclear if she’s suggesting it as Loki’s plan, or just endorsing the idea.
“Too simple,” Tony says.
“Too sane,” Steve adds.
~
“Hey,” Tony says, as he enters the section of the gym that’s mostly reserved for stretching and yoga. The floor is soft, but not as padded as the spaces designated for ridiculously violent people throwing each other at the walls. Tony avoids both places, generally, being neither crunchy nor flexible enough for yoga or masochistic enough to train against his teammates without the Iron Man armor.~ ~
“Limber,” Tony tells her, appreciatively. Immediately, Natasha begins to unwind. Presumably, so her limbs are free to hit him.
~ “Don’t freak out,” he tells her.
“That depends on what you did?”
“This actually wasn’t me,” he says, and takes a deep breath. “I want to remind you about the wisdom of the ‘not-shooting-the-messenger’ philosophy.” Natasha glares at him.
“So, you know how I routinely monitor SHIELD’s databases for interesting tidbits, blackmail material, sextapes…”
“I’m not supposed to know about that,” Natasha says, “because I would tell Fury.”
~
“We need a nursemaid!” Thor declares. He looks intently at Tony. “This is your city. You must summon one.”
“Oh dear,” Tony says, softly.  He hadn’t really thought this far ahead.
“Or formula,” Bruce says. “That might be easier to get.”
“You seem knowledgeable,” Tony decides. “You’re in charge.”
“Why don’t I make a list,” Bruce says, while the baby wails in his arms. “And you use some of your billions to go buy it and bring it back.”
 “The stick of science frightened her,” Thor says, like he wants to snap the swab in half.
~
“We have brought provisions for the infant child,” Thor announces, because he’s carrying everything.
~ “Hey,” he says, when she answers. “I need baby stuff.”
There is an immediate pause, during which Tony realizes he really should have started with an explanation. But he doesn’t do that with Pepper, and she should be used to it.
“What did you do, Tony?” she demands, making it more of a very judgmental statement.
“Hey!” he objects. “Nothing. I did nothing.”
“Whose baby is it?” Pepper asks.
“Steve’s,” Tony says.
“Right,” Pepper says sarcastically. “That’s a thing that happened.”
 “It’s true.” Natasha speaks up so the microphone can hear her.
“Okay,” Pepper says, after a pause.
“Oh, you believe the woman who lies for a living over me?” Tony asks, offended. 
~
Natasha likes to allude to how many people she’s murdered, usually after he catches her doing something comparably less evil, like eating the entire carton of ice cream and then putting it back in the freezer empty (which she did a dozen times before he realized it wasn’t Thor).
~ At the other end of the lab, Thor is demonstrating how to burp a baby. Or he’s just decided to pick up Clint and smack him repeatedly on the back.
~ “Yes, I can smell that. Why do I want to hold the child who did that to you?”
“Let me change.” Steve holds his hands up in the air, and he’s beginning to drip. “Look, she’s completely empty, there’s nothing left in her. I’ll be right back.” He’s already running out of the room. “Support her head!”
“I’m selling her to the highest bidder!” Tony yells after him.
Tony doesn’t really know how to hold a baby, but his arm came up naturally in self-defense, and the kid is just nestled in it. “Hey,” he says. “Nice aim with the puke.” He means it; she doesn’t have a drop on her.
~
Tony wakes up in a cave. Of course. Because it’s always a cave. This one is damp and cold, and unnaturally illuminated in a way that makes him think he’s not necessarily on Earth anymore.  Super. 
~ “Do you ever do anything right?” Tony asks, pushing himself to a standing position. That gets Loki looking at him again, though less with exasperation and more with hostility. “Planetary invasions,” Tony continues. “Screwed that up. At least twice, as I understand it. “
“Do not seek to understand the actions of your betters,” Loki says. “My purposes are beyond your comprehension.”
~ Arthur’s smile slipped slightly, but he seemed determined to keep it up. “I can’t bring you coffee?”
“That depends,” Eames said. He poked the cup with a finger. “Is it poisoned coffee?”
This time Arthur’s mouth flattened into a familiar thin line. He yanked the cup off the desk took a long swill. “Would I have drunk it if it was poisoned?” he demanded after setting it back down.
“You would if you had already taken the antidote,” Eames suggested.
~
“Arthur’s wearing a t-shirt,” he explained, gesturing. “Wasn’t that one of the signs of the end times? War, famine, Arthur in casual dress?”
“I’m on vacation,” Arthur said. “Also, it’s really hot outside.”
~ “Maybe I wanted to go to the beach,” Arthur said, lips thinning.
“Your skin has the same deathy-white pallor as a vampire,” said Yusuf suspiciously.
~ He was searching vainly for gherkins when his mobile rang; he fished it out of his pocket and frowned at the screen, which flashed, ‘Unidentified caller.’ Assuming it was a client or one of his contacts, Eames answered it. “Hello?” No response. Eames tried again. “Habari? Marhaba? Goedendag?” he asked casually as he abandoned his trolley and ducked into an emptier aisle; a Walther PPK/S was tucked into an ankle holster on his right leg, and a Ka-bar TDI knife was in a holster on the left. From his position in front of the bananas, he could keep an eye on both the front and side entrances.
“Eames,” said Cobb.
At that, he nearly dropped the mobile; he accidentally bumped into an older gentleman picking out kiwis who turned and threw him a nasty look. “Hello, Cobb,” he replied once he got his bearings. “This is a surprise. How are you? How are the little ones?” 
There was another long, pregnant pause. “Eames,” Cobb repeated, menacingly.
“We’ve already established it’s me,” Eames said. “Is there something I can help you with?” Cobb hung up.
“Well, that was incredibly unsettling,” Eames murmured to himself.
~
“I told you never to call me on the job,” Arthur snapped. “Are you trying to get caught?”
“Then why are you answering?” Eames asked. “Did you miss the sound of my voice? What are you wearing?” Arthur hung up on him. 
~ Cobb’s mouth opened and closed a few times. “But-- but I thought Arthur didn’t like you.”
“He was trying to disguise his true feelings for me,” said Eames. “We’re working on that.”
“He once said if the choice came between going on a date with you or getting a ride home from a serial killer, he’d have to seriously think about it.”
Eames pursed his lips. “But notice his mind immediately went to going on a date with me, and not spending a platonic evening together as co-workers. You see, it’s really a very subtle compliment.”
Cobb stared at him. Eames tried to smile encouragingly, but he felt it was perhaps more of a cringe. Whatever his expression was, it made Cobb’s face turn doubtful, and he crossed his arms over his chest, mouth twisting.
~
Cobb put his hand between the door and the frame in the mistaken assumption Arthur wouldn’t slam it on his hand.
~ Arthur snorted. “Don’t be silly. It’d be two against one; we could definitely take him. Oh,” he added guilty, “he also wouldn’t do that. Kill us, I mean. Probably.”
~ “You look more wholesome. They’d suspect I had ulterior motives.”  Luke looked slightly hurt. “I could have ulterior motives.”
~
“She’s still in there,” marvelled Nathan. “Twenty minutes, trying on shoes. How difficult is it to decide if you want shoes?”
~
Merlin felt his ears growing red. “I made the broomstick fly,” he said, defensive. “You crashed into a tree and broke your arm,” Arthur pointed out, like the horrible person he was. “I could turn you into a frog!”  Arthur looked a bit more interested. “Could you turn me back again?” “...No.” “That’s not a very good spell then.” Arthur was starting to look a lot more sure of himself. “You sound a bit hopeless at this whole magic thing.” ~ “Have you been listening at all?” Arthur said crossly, slapping his folder shut. “Probably,” said Merlin, vaguely. “Are you taller?” Arthur looked oddly self-conscious for a moment, probably because Merlin was standing about an inch from his face in an attempt to make a proper tallness comparison. “You are taller!” said Merlin, accusingly. He tried squashing Arthur’s hair flat, just to make sure it wasn’t giving him an unfair advantage, but Arthur ducked away and clutched his folder in front of him like a shield.
~ “I hate alternative universes,” he grouses, although he can’t be heard over McCoy raking Spock over the coals for knocking out his captain and friend. “You never find the good one where you’re supreme ruler and all the women want to have sex with you all the time.”
~ “I was not hysterical!” “Hysteria is defined as a state of violent mental agitation—” “Spock, I know what hysteria is. You’re causing it right now!” Kirk feels his eye start twitching at the almost serene look on Spock’s face.
~ Nolan opened and closed his mouth. “You have no idea how filthy the joke I just refrained from making was.”
~ “You were going to say ‘let’s get hitched’?! Tractor trailers get hitched. You have to be more romantic.”
~ “I’m a lover, not a fighter,” Neal said sullenly, easing the bag of frozen peas off his cheek. “Peter says the FBI’s not going to pay for combat training. Besides, it’s creepy, paying someone to beat you up.”
~ “I don’t know, but there’s a crowd every time he comes in.” Diana shrugged. “People take bets on whether he’ll take his shirt off.” Beyond them, Neal stopped and pulled his shirt off, wiping his face with it. Money discreetly changed hands.
“This is ridiculous,” Peter said. “You! Hey! Shoo, go on,” he said, waving his hands as people looked his way. “No ogling the felon. Go, don’t you have yoga or something to do?”
~ She dropped her hand to stare incredulously at the tiger. “Let me repeat,” she said, very slowly. “Calvin has a weapon whose power is only limited by his imagination.”
“I said he’d be fine, nothing about the rest of us.”
~ Kon smiled. “Bart tried to make you cookies.” “Tried?” Tim asked, dread in his voice.
~ Aziraphale’s Resolution #4: I will try to be nicer to the customers. They want to buy books; I want to sell them. It can’t be that hard. (Memo to self: Regular opening hours? Mark prices on books?)
~
“Note to self: Find out exactly what an “Internet” is.”
~
Conner held up chart number one, which showed two bars. One was labelled “Conner On Vacation” and showed a bright yellow bar with a smiley face drawn into it.  The other bar showed “Conner Stuck With Babysitter” and it was a very small green bar with a barfy face drawn into it. He cleared his throat.  “This is a representation of my happiness when I’m allowed to be by myself--” he pointed at the yellow graph “—and this is me when I’m stuck at home with a babysitter.”  Conner looked for comprehension across his father’s face. 
His dad cocked one eyebrow.  “You didn’t actually have to draw the vomit, Conner.” 
“I wanted it to be clear,” he replied, concerned.  
~
When Conner gaped at him, Lex said, “You wanted to know.  You pitched a fit and I lied to nuns, and here we are.” 
“This is the worst day ever,” Conner moaned, putting his head down on the lab counter. 
~ “Did something hap—” Clark tried.
“I’m watching Lifetime,” Conner snapped, and stuffed another spoonful of ice cream in his mouth.
“I’ll take that as a ‘yes,’” Clark said primly. 
“I fucking hate this movie,” Conner muttered around the spoon, but did not reach for the remote control, instead channeling all of his hate at the television screen.
~
“Thank goodness, finally a quiet Saturday night.”
“Which you have just jinxed.”
~ The towel has slipped from Arthur’s shoulders to his neck as he bends over. In its absence, Eames can see lean muscle, the jut of shoulder blades pushing against the skin. And something else. For a moment, he’s almost certain there’s light rising from Arthur’s back, fragmenting and splitting as it travels, spreading in a wide arc over his torso. There’s the faintest hint of colour, faded violet and summer-sky blue, a shimmer of pale green blurring into yellow. Lines of light stretching up, out, fracturing into dozens upon dozens before they disappear. Then the clouds gain their strength again, Arthur straightens, and all Eames had seen had been a trick of the light, nothing more. […] When he turns back, the orange glow of sunset hits Arthur squarely across the shoulders, painting his skin dark and vibrant. Streaks of tangerine and purple stretch from his shoulder blades, disappearing into shadow as they reach out toward the corners of the room. It doesn’t look anything like a rainbow, like a trick of the light. It doesn’t look like anything Eames has ever seen. […] There are spangled colours framing Arthur’s head and shoulders, soaking up the light from overhead and the bright daylight seeping in through the white gauze curtains. Rainbow colours breaking like a prism and slicing through the air, arcing in two strong lines and curved protectively over Eames as if to shelter him from the dark spots dancing across his vision.
~
Bruce raises his eyebrows. He knows it doesn’t translate down the phone lines, but Tony knows him well enough to sense it anyway.
~ “It’s bruised, but it looks like the nose two noses ago,” he said, as he removed the bandages from her most recent nose job.
~
“Am I?” she said sweetly.
Suddenly Wes looked slightly terrified. “I hate it when you use that tone of voice. It always makes me feel like I’m about to be strangled with my own entrails.”
~
“So, does Gibbs ever actually get stuck in the elevator?” Tony stared off into the burnished metal distance and tried to imagine that kind of inanimate temerity. “It wouldn’t dare.”
~
John successfully righted Sherlock and let go. Sherlock sort of swayed in place, but stayed upright. “How pissed are you, Sherlock?”
“Very,” Sherlock said, matter-of-factly. “There is a lot of alcohol in pubs.”
~ “I don’t remember,” Sherlock said. He frowned. “I usually remember things. I must be very intoxicated.”
“Good diagnosis,” John said.
~
“You told me my clothes were ridiculous, you didn’t like drinking games, called me a neolithic troglodyte and a clotpole and then you passed out,” John summarized.
Sherlock nodded. “Nothing too bad then,” he said. “And all true.”
~
“For the record, I’m a drunk, not a slut.”
“Except when you’re drunk.”
~ “Where the hell did you get a gun?” he yelled.
“I’m from Texas, you moron,” she retorted.
~
He said words like, “Gosh” and “Gee”, and Tony liked that as well. He kind of wanted to take him home just for that, introduce him to Steve and listen to them go “Golly!” and “Gee willikers!” at each other for hours on end.
~
“Mister Stark,” she said placidly. “I see you made a new friend.” Her voice was polite, but her eyes clearly said, “Anthony Edward Stark, I saw you talking to this impressionable youth all night, and I want to know what the hell you are up to.”
~
Dean froze and looked up at Sam. “Wtf?” “Holy shit,” said Sam. “Dude, why are you talking in textspeak?” “Omg,” said Dean. “D:” Sam stared. “Did you just emoticon at me?” “:/?” said Dean. “You emoticonned at me,” said Sam. “You know, our lives are so fucking weird sometimes, I can’t even.”
[…] “Surprisingly,” Sam said, safely back at the motel room despite the fact that Dean had threatened to throw him out of the Impala three times for laughing so hard, “there are no clues on curses that make the victims talk in textspeak. Although to be fair,” he added, “I’m not sure that the authors of these medieval grimoires imagined in their wildest dreams that there’d ever be a need for one.” “Fml.” Dean stopped pacing and sank down onto one of the beds, head in hands. “Fml, fml, fml.”
“Okay,” Sam said, glancing up from the laptop. “You have to stop talking, dude. I’m not kidding. If I laugh at you any more I’m going to like, crack a rib or something.” “I h8 u,” said Dean, looking up with a glare that could have stripped paint. “Sfm.” Sam bit his lip. “Dean, seriously, stop it. I’m googling a textspeak dictionary. I’m just not down enough with the kids to keep up with you.”
~ “I do not understand,” said Castiel. He kept looking back and forth between Sam and Dean, as though if he kept looking long enough the situation would begin make sense. Sam wished him luck with that one.
~ Cobb raised his eyebrows. “Arthur,” he explained very patiently, as if Arthur was one of his children, “he’s always messing with you because he likes you.”
~
“-ike?” Sam’s voice pushes through haze and it’s got a hint of panic in it, like this wasn’t the first he said Mike’s name.
~ Tony’s first clue that something weird was going on was when he walked into the bathroom and found Loki, in pajamas, brushing his teeth.
“Jesus, what are you doing here?” he demanded.
Thor’s evil little brother glanced at him, supercilious even around a mouthful of Colgate, and mumbled something.
“What?” Tony demanded, thinking that if this was what his life had turned into, he was going to start wearing his armor at all times. To bed. In the shower. Whatever. Loki rolled his eyes, spat into the sink, and repeated himself:
“I appear to be brushing my teeth. In a moment, I intend to floss. Oral care is so important to one’s overall health.”
“No, I mean, what the hell are you doing in our house?” Tony clarified.
“At the moment, I am brushing my teeth,” Loki repeated.
~
Steve looked apologetic. “I’m sorry, it’s not that… I mean, I know it’s okay for men to… I’m updating my thinking as fast as I can, but- “
“No, it’s fine, the incest thing is still considered creepy,” Tony assured him.
~
“Pay no mind, my friends, it is merely the television. This being Friday night, there is a marathon of a program called Say Yes To the Dress, which Jane and her friend Darcy customarily watch. I have been invited to join them.”
“Say Yes… what question does the dress ask, brother?” Loki asked in complete bewilderment.
~
“Um,” George said. Loki tugged desperately at the cuff of his trousers and, from his position on the floor, mimed drinking something. George tried not to look down, or look confused. Loki repeated the gesture, more emphatically this time.
~
“I believe that the two of you will get along like a house of fire: either very well, or violently with a great deal of property damage.”
~ “And to think, I haven’t even called you by a pastry name since last Tuesday, my Dutch apple pie, my sweet crumbling crust.”
~ Several thoughts ran through Steph’s head, including the incredibly mature, “Your face isn’t fit for duty!” but she ran with, “I don’t recall asking you to make my decisions for me.”
~ “Some people find my stalker tendencies charming,” he replied.
Jane kissed him back.  “Those same people laugh at your jokes about aerodynamics.”
~
It was weird being in Rodney’s new house-which had everything you could want and nothing anybody needed.  There were cashmere robes in the guest bathrooms and not enough tissues; artisan glycerin soaps and like, four spoons.  Jane had endured 20 minutes of looking for paper towels and cooking oil before she’d stolen Rodney’s wallet and car keys and their son and headed for the Costco.
~
“Maybe we shouldn’t put this together for Madison after all,” Rodney said, eyeing the playhouse with deep suspicion.  “I mean, this cannot be child safe.  It’s tried to murder me three times already.”
Jane smiled.  “Rodney, splinters aren’t homicidal in nature.” 
~
Remus searched for gentler words to say what he was thinking, but it came out as, “Peter, there’s not a chance in hell.”
~
Sirius ignored him and went through his mental list of Remus Lupin’s Things To Do While Riding The Muggle Underground, As Composed During Seventh Year, So Sirius Black No Longer Sprains Anything Not Minding The Gap. It was longer and more difficult than Sirius liked, but Remus was always meticulous about those sorts of things.
~ “You don’t remember?” He asked, almost hopefully. All it took was that tone and she knew she hadn’t imagined what she saw.
~ “When do I get to use the shotgun?” Ben asked as Dean ran through a checklist.
“When you’re taller than it,” Dean grumbled.
~ “Okay, good, so, uh,” Dean looked to Cas, “How do we get the 411 without risking never being born?”
“The four-one—” he began, deep in thought.
“411 means ‘information,’” Dean clarified.
“The word ‘information’ is only one additional syllable. Is it really that difficult—?”
“The topic of never being born is on the table,” Dean impatiently reminded him.
~ The orange-vested man who was helping them collect supplies became quickly aware of Dean’s limitations and suggested that instead of a “tree” house they instead focus their attention on building a “low to the ground” house. Dean had a few colorful words for him before security arrived and made it necessary to collect supplies from Lowe’s. It was only on their way out of the store that Dean remembered his parental-unit role and turned around to Ben saying, “I shouldn’t have—” “I know,” Ben said, his eyes lit with obvious enjoyment. “Don’t cuss in front of mom.” Dean’s eyes went wide and he flashed a glance to Lisa who now had her hands on her hips. “That’s the lesson? That’s been the lesson?” She asked with a ‘sleeping on the couch tonight, bub’ look on her face.
~ “Are you supposed to have access to this floor Wait, let me rephrase that. You’re not supposed to have access to this floor.”
“Your entire security system is Stark tech,” Tony says, waving a dismissive hand.
“I wanted to have a proper tender process,” Fury complains and Tony gives him a sunny grin.
“All other systems would have been inferior, therefore I would’ve been able to bypass them.”
~
“I wouldn’t think you’d have blood pressure,” Tony says, makes a open claw with his hand and pumps it a few times. “I think you’re lacking the required organ.”
“Says the guy with the light bulb in his chest,” Fury says and Tony huffs, rolling his eyes.
“Just proves the presence of my heart. I’d have to see some kind of medical documentation to believe in the existence of yours.”
~ “I’ve been a monumental idiot,” Tony says. For an opening gambit, he thinks it’s a good one but Steve fails to look impressed. “About the whole...” Tony waves his hands about, then tucks them back into himself. “I listened to Clint,” he adds. “Obviously not my most brilliant moment.”
~
“He’s climbing the walls,” she says. “I mean literally. He saw a parkour video on youtube and he’s been scaring the crap out of people.”
“It might be prudent to offer him some kind of distraction,” Coulson grudgingly agrees.
~ She thinks maybe she should just use the family emergency excuse early, but then Natasha presses a drink into her hand which magically refuses to empty no matter how much she drinks from it and Darcy starts not really caring about anything.
~ Darcy gets knocked sideways and she trips over a bag, last night’s boots and then her coffee table and ends up on her balcony through the sliding glass door she’d left open. Momentum takes her straight over the railing and Darcy feels gravity do the rest as she tips into empty space. She stops, caught on something and Darcy looks up to see it’s Clint. He’s staring straight into her eyes with a firm grip on both her arms and she realizes he went head-first over the railing after her, probably didn’t even think about it. They’re only both not dead because Thor has caught Clint by one ankle.
~ “Tony really wasn’t trying to kill you with furniture,” he says. “It might’ve seemed like it but he really was trying to be nice.”
“I believe you,” Darcy says. “Mostly because it made a really inefficient assassination attempt.”
“He’s nice once you get...” Steve falters a little, probably because a lot of people who get to know Tony Stark find him intolerable and he’s aware of it.
~
“I happen to be a genius,” Tony grumbles and Darcy grabs the nearest object which, luckily for Tony, is a cushion and hits him over the head with it.
“Is this a tradition I am not aware of?” Thor booms from behind them. “Are we to show our gratitude to our host by beating him with soft objects?” Thor unseats a couple from a much larger and more solid floor cushion and makes for Tony with it.
~ “How are you trashed and still lethal?”
“Training,” Clint says, reaches for a cup by his elbow and frowns when he finds it empty. “I think someone drank my punch.”
“It was probably you,” Darcy says as Clint manages to focus on her again. “How much have you had anyway?” 
“Dunno,” Clint says. “How much does it take to drown feelings?”
~
“We’re going to have a conversation, but it’s going to be tomorrow after you’re done puking and regretting your life choices,” Darcy says, smiles as she lowers Clint to the tiled floor of the first bathroom she finds.
~ “Did you actually ask him or did you kind of hint around in a non-specific way?” she asks.
Tony looks a little hunted, says into his mug, “The second one, probably.”
~ “Red tape, patents, no human trials yet, yada,” Tony says. “It’s all fine, it’s just that we don’t know if it’ll cause people to turn into, like, frog monsters in ten years or something.”
~ “What the hell were you doing?”
“Something perilous, obviously,” Tony says dryly and Steve narrows his eyes at him, not amused in the least.
“You were impaled,” Steve says, looking ill.
~ Bruce shrugged. “All right, well, we’ll give it to him blended in a shot of cold full-fat coconut milk. Coconut cream, really. He could certainly use the medium-chain triglycerides.”
“He certainly could,” Pepper nodded. Mrs. Pynchon snorted and Pepper did a simultaneous grin-shrug-eyeroll at her behind Bruce’s back that clearly conveyed *I am used to agreeing with things scientists say.*
~ “Also, I have brought some dog biscuits. They are said to be organic, but they do not appear to contain any organs, which is a shame.”
~ “We’re not that scared of you, y’know,” Clint says but he’s saying it from the opposite end of the table so Tony thinks that he loses some points for that.
~ “There are six and a half paces from one wall to the other,” he told her. “The half keeps throwing me off.”
~ “We may have lost our memories, but I memorized the fastest exit route the minute we walked in here, I know for a fact that the guy sitting at the edge of the bar – no, you moron, don’t look at him – has a gun hidden in his jacket but has never used it. I know three ways to steal a car and I’m pretty sure I could pick the entrance lock in under a minute. You tell me if you think we’re criminals.”
~ “A good scientist doesn’t deny evidence,” Batman stated flatly. “Magic is annoying; denying that it exists is foolish.”
~ Middle names were clearly for when you were in trouble. “I don’t need a middle name,” he declared virtuously.
~
And, and she’s nice! Superman likes her. In Jimmy’s pictures he doesn’t look bothered at all that he’s gotta catch her all the time.”
“Oh I’m sure it doesn’t bother him at all,” Batman said sarcastically.
“I heard that,” Clark said. “And Lois could do worse things to get my attention... Cat burglary for instance.”
~
“Morning person!” Lois grumbled as if it were a four-letter word.
~
“No. Projectile weapons are cheating.” Eugene considered this a good cover for the fact that he has no clue how to shoot an arrow.
~ “I came by to inform you that the Captain of the Guards has submitted his resignation effective as of noon today. After that point he will be a normal citizen.”
It takes a moment for Eugene to process this. “… So after noon I can punch him and not get executed?”
The king shrugs. “If you’d like. I would hope you have better ways to spend your afternoon.”
“No, my schedule’s free.”
~
“Your meeting with the king is in seven minutes. Go. Agree with everything he says. Teaching you how to politely disagree with people comes later. You’re not ready. Maybe next week.”
~
Eugene narrows his eyes and raises one eyebrow at the extended hand. Someone in his position isn’t supposed to shake a Lord’s hand. A Lord can shake a Lord’s hand, and the princess’ betrothed can shake a Lord’s hand, and brothers can shake hands with each other, but Eugene doesn’t want to admit that he has any sort of status whatsoever, and he doesn’t want to mislead this man into thinking that they’re on friendly terms. Meanwhile, refusing to shake hands will amount to an incident, probably a stern talking to from several people, and maybe a duel or death threats or something. Good grief, he hates politics. They shake hands and the Lord beams at him.
~
“It’s not really any of your business.” He knows he’s on thin ice with that one, but he’s running out of excuses and he’s starting to flail.
“Of course,” she says. “Please continue to brood in solitude. I’m sure eventually you will come up with something resembling a solution.”
~
“Hey. I know plenty about women.”
“The fact that you just said that to me shows that you don’t,” she says. 
~
“That’s the stupidest thing I’ve seen all day. And I spent the morning watching people polish silver.”
~
“If you touch your hair again, I will handcuff you to something!” one of the valets says. Eugene stuffs his hands in his pockets, which makes the valet groan as he wrinkles his jacket. Why did they give him pockets if he’s not allowed to use them? That’s stupid.
~
He can’t even pay attention to the pastor as he’s too busy marveling at how much he loves her and how she is his forever and ever. He repeats what he’s told to repeat, but he’s not sure he gets all the words right, and he doesn’t concentrate enough to know what he’s saying. Later he’ll hope that he didn’t agree to anything weird.
~ She was never sure if she was wasting her Companion training on him, trying to read undercurrents that weren’t really there, or if he was maybe the most subtle man she’d ever met.
~ “If you’re going to be useless,” Arthur said, “you might as well do it at home.” Yusuf muttered something that was extremely rude in a language Arthur understood perfectly well, but chose to pretend he could not.
~ “He’s in trouble. They shot his partner and took the cash and the drugs.”
Arthur looks at Eames disapprovingly. “Drugs?”
Eames shrugs. “And guns, I’d imagine.”
~
“I am going to get shot,” Pooch said again, more firmly. “Of course it’s the black man. Of course the black man is the one who dies first. You’re a bunch of racist motherfuckers, you know that? Sacrificing the black man. Martin Luther King would kick all of y’all’s asses from here to Birmingham.”
Roque clapped his hand on Pooch’s shoulder. “All for one, one for all,” he said flatly. “Emphasis on one for all.”
~ She’s fairly certain that he’s just about the most unprofessional captain that Starfleet has ever employed, a fact which is cemented in her mind the day after the Christmas party, when he stumbles into the bridge in just his undershorts and socks and asks blearily, “So that we’re clear, did I vomit on Spock last night, or just near him?”
~
Arthur contemplates stabbing him with the penknife in his pocket. He won’t be doing any real damage, after all, but god it would feel good.
~
Steve takes a deep breath. “I was wondering if you could help me use the internet. I don’t really know how.”
“Sure,” Bruce says, instantly, without the hour of taunting Tony would have taken. 
~ “I have two sons,” she said. “Ages five and twelve. They’re very bright, and I don’t say that as a doting mother. I say that as someone who’s seen their IQ scores and discovered that the elder was writing essays for a number of university students at fifty pounds a paper.”
~ “What’s an encyclopaedia?” the boy asked.
John sighed a little. “It’s like the internet, but in book form.”
~
“You’re awake,” Mrs Holmes said, before he could reach for his gun.
“Yes,” he said, cautiously. “You’re in my room.” He glanced at the clock. “At two in the morning. Since we’re stating the obvious.”
~ “I dislike anecdotes in general. I can guess the ending of this one, and I can guess the moral. Please spare me.” He just looked at her. She made a sharp hand gesture, which probably meant ‘continue’, but possibly meant ‘I hope you die in a fire quite soon’.
~
Eames hesitated before opening the door. “You aren’t by chance here to kill me, are you?”
“Yes, Eames,” Arthur said, blandly. Eames couldn’t see it, but he could imagine the eye roll that accompanied Arthur’s answer. “The CIA recruited me to eliminate everyone who worked on Project Morpheus. That’s why I fucking knocked!”
~
“It will send me a text when your battery’s low,” Arthur notes. “Also, I’ve manipulated your GPS—”
“You mean my mobile’s GPS, right?” Eames interrupts. “You haven’t had me micro-chipped without my knowledge, have you?”
“No,” Arthur says with enough of a grin to make it unconvincing. 
~
“A lizard! There is a lizard in the kitchen!” he gestures in its direction with the pot. He’s keeping an eye on it. He can tell: it’s tiny and evil.
“Jim,” John says, he can feel John trying to be calming.
“It’s on the counter John. It is on the counter.”
“I see it,” John sighs, putting his gun in the small of his back and started to look for a cup to catch it in.
“It’s going to touch the cutlery John. It is going to walk on the cutlery.”
[…] “It is evil. John was so good to catch it for me,” he says with as much dignity as grown man can muster after being driven to climb a table by a small reptile. He glares at it; he could swear it was glaring at him with hateful little blue-grey eyes.
~
“What if he drops it.”
“I will buy him another one.”
“What if he drops that.”
“I’ll buy him another one.”
“Well . . . what if he drops that one.”
“I will buy him another one. Clark, do you not see the pattern here.”
“The kid has like ten bicycles! What kid needs ten bicycles? “
Bruce shrugged. “I have twenty-six cars, I don’t see why he can’t have ten bicycles. Besides, I like to be prepared.”
“For what? The day you try to go to work and for some reason twenty-five cars fail to start and only the twenty- sixth one works?”
 ~ “I’m coming with you,” Superman said as he crossed his arms, his entire stance saying that it wasn’t up for negotiation.
“Clark,” Batman growled out.
“Bruce,” Superman said in the same tone.
~
“Forget it, dude.  The last time we worked together on a project, I did all the work while you sat on your butt.”
“I sat in wonderment of your talent. Your brilliance rendered me incapable of speaking at all.”
~ “I’ll climb your stupid stairs, but if I break a heel or a sweat you’re responsible.”
~
“So, are you the toast of Broadway?”
“Daddy, you know how I feel about carb references,” she said derisively. 
~ “I don’t have to flirt with him,” Sherlock replies flatly. “I’m married to him.”
John can’t quite hold in the snort of laughter. “You’re civil partnershipped to me.”
“Shut up, I’m trying to interrogate.” But the smirk on Sherlock’s face is really growing to ridiculous proportions.
~ “Can he hear us?” he asked, his eyes not moving from his friend’s pale face in the hospital bed. 
Flash nodded, “It’s not soundproof.”
Kid Flash banged on the window, before shouting, “You stupid idiot! I’m going to kick your butt once you’re better!”
~ “Tell me Bruce Wayne is not Batman,” he says, defeat heavy in his voice. “I don’t think I can take another billionaire superhero.”
“Bruce Wayne is not Batman,” Dick says obligingly.
~ “No, not really,” I say, at the same instant Dick says, “Yes, we are.” Everyone stares at us for a second. “Depends on your definition of ‘related’—” I start again, and Dick cuts me off, repeating firmly, “Yes, we are.” And I can’t out-stubborn Dick, no one can, so I sigh and repeat after him, “Yes, we are.”
~ “I built you a robot,” he argues. “Traditionally, that’s not proof of chivalrous romantic intent.”
~
“Our friends in the suits are only going to take so much more of this name, rank and serial number crap you’re feeding them before they stop asking and start vivisecting.” Which made Steve feel so much more inclined to give vital information to the mad scientists. 
“You’re the worst persuasion tactic they’ve sent yet.” 
~ Thor sighed pinching his brow. “You cannot just magically send Tony Stark to Alaska every time he annoys you.”  “I disagree. I gave him a good coat and the means to hunt for sustenance. I see nothing wrong with my plan.”
~
“What are you doing?” Loki demanded, after Thor managed with much effort to pinion his arms to his sides and envelop him in his arms. 
“I am hugging you,” Thor explained. “That you may know I love you, despite your madness.”
[…] The therapist sighed when Thor had described to her the failure of the scheme, and said he could not hope for some immediate or swift result: long patience might be required. “Also, nonconsensual hugging is not a good idea,” she added, but as Thor could not envision Loki hugging him willingly, he did not pay that much mind, but merely steeled himself for a long effort and also acquired a breastplate which more thoroughly protected his vitals.
~ The kids latched onto their parents, talking excitedly over each other, all, “He had a gun so Uncle John broke his wrist,” and “He threw the man through a window, mum, it was brilliant,” and “When I grow up, I’m going to be a ninja like Uncle John.” John, a bit bruised with a cut on his cheek, was all sheepish grins and, “Yeah, sorry about the window,” and “I’m fine, really,” and “Good ninjas eat their vegetables and do their homework.”
~
Natasha’s face is completely devoid of all emotion, which Steve is beginning to suspect is her version of laughing.
~ Dr. Banner merely nods and Thor admits that it “will be strange following the lead of any but my father, but Steven is mighty and noble. I accept!” Steve doesn’t know what to do with the approval of an immortal. Tony raises his eyebrows and opens his mouth, but shuts it again and doesn’t say anything, even when Colonel Fury stares at him like he’s trying to set him on fire with his mind.
~
“Lay back down,” she says, hovering over him. “Your brain will explode.”  “I’m fine,” he shrugs, which is actually the most uncomfortable and painful thing he’s done yet. Steve makes a firm note to himself not to do that again for a while.
~
Toni lays her hand over Steve’s and pats it twice. “Ronald Reagan was the president, Steve.” she says. Steve frowns a little deeper.  
“Of?” Steve prompts.  Toni snorts. “Of America.”
Steve stares at Toni for a long moment. “It’s not nice to make things up to confuse me,” Steve says, letting in a hint of reproach, because he thought they’d all gotten this out of the way when Clint finally gone for broke and told him that, in the future, everyone had both sets of genitalia. “And I can just use the Google.”
~
“Okay, I did some preliminary tests, but we should probably do some other ones. Where’d I put the gun?”
“You haven’t slept and you just drank three cups of coffee. I don’t want you to think that I’m not grateful or excited to test this out, I just don’t think it’s a good idea for you to try to shoot me in the face right now,” Steve points out.  “Would ‘I’ve done more dangerous things on less sleep’ be a compelling argument for you to reconsider that decision? When I was a kid, I thought you were going to be fun,” Toni says accusingly. “You’re letting down my inner child.”  Steve chuckles. “If I promise to let you shoot me tomorrow, will you go to bed?” Steve tries.
~ “You could take her,” Clint says loyally.  Natasha snorts. “Of course I could take her.”
~ “Well, try to have a nice night anyway. Give my regards to Colonel Rhodes,” Steve tells her.  “He’s going to cry when he hears you said that. I’m going to say that exactly. ‘Regards,’ Jesus.” Toni sounds exasperated and fond all at the same time. “His head is going to explode when he finally gets to meet you.”
~ Natasha had stopped in the living room, wrinkled her nose and said, “You’re wearing that?” Steve had looked down at his khakis, button down and tie and stared back at her, completely bewildered. Somehow this had led to him sitting on his bed while Darcy and Natasha disagreed with everything in his closet. “You’re going to a baseball game, not a matinee on Broadway,” Natasha says, eyeballing two identical pairs of jeans like she’s evaluating them for mission viability.
~
“Couldn’t find a meter. Plus, a ticket’ll be cheaper than the parking would be around here anyway,” she says. ~
“I’m not saying I told you so, but that’s because ‘I told you so’ is reserved for people who are not magnanimous in their rightness.”
~ “It’s only a matter of time until we figure out this door code!” Clint yells from the other side of the door. “Jarvis, run a scramble on it. Change it every 5 seconds.” Tony tells him.
~ “Damnit,” he mutters.
“Chrttt, fzzbt,” the suit’s system agrees and it is not what Tony wants to hear right now while he’s plummeting to the ground.
~
“Alfred sends his love.” Tony opens one eye and attempts to convey his disbelief. He realises he’s trying to stare down Batman but he’s nothing if not ambitious. “He baked you a pie,” Bruce elaborates.
~ Pepper is wearing black. A starched shirt which is all angles and sharp edges, and perfectly pleated trousers. He notices they’re perfectly pleated because her shoes are extra spiky today and he is a cautious individual. Even her hair is pulled back tightly with a black tie. Tony can only conclude that Pepper is unhappy with him. Naturally this doesn’t show in her work. Pepper is a tornado of terrifying efficiency regardless of state of mind, and if to achieve said efficiency she needs to run roughshod over his feelings, so much the better. “You really need to give me a hint here,” he says. “I could start indiscriminately buying you diamonds again, but the last time I did that you told me to grow a soul despite it being a tried and true method for gaining forgiveness which men have utilized since the dawn of time.”
~
“All right. Where is your closet?” He reconsiders and turns to Pepper. “Does he own any thin scarves? How about long sleeved shirts? We’re looking for layers here. Maybe dressy sportswear, that kind of thing.” Tony looks on in bafflement. “Nothing you just said makes any sense to me. Why do you even know these things?”
~
Tony cringes a little but he’s still smiling. It’s hard not to smile at Thor. It’s like kicking puppies or something. “I’m glad to hear you say that because I have the distinct impression Fury disagrees with you there. I’ll be sure to use you as a meat-shield should he choose to express that.” Thor laughs while Steve scrambles to disagree. “Director Fury knows you’re more than capable,” he says. “He just doesn’t like you,” Clint adds.
~
“A gold-digger? Barton, Bruce Wayne owns Wayne Enterprises,” Banner explains patiently. “We’re looking at you like this because Bruce Wayne has the disposable income of Scrooge McDuck.” “Together we’re richer than god,” Tony adds cheerfully. Clint hums thoughtfully at this information. “I hereby invite you and your boyfriend to my birthday, for Christmas, and any other gift-giving holiday I can think of.”
~ “Reed, you home?” he hears Johnny Storm shout. “Me and Ben need that thing I left there last week. You better not be doing anything quantum up there!”
Reed sighs deeply. He rubs his forehead with one hand while he uses the other to close the door on the other side of the room. “One time!” he shouts. “You do something one time, nobody ever lets you live it down,” he grumps.
~
“Someone in R&D finally managed to decode some of your notes, so Stark Industries is launching a line of holographic displays. I emailed you about it last year for the go-ahead. You told me ‘fine whatever hey do you know if Wayne owns any classic cars’. I remember it exactly because there was no punctuation at all and you know how I feel about grammar.”
“Wait, wait, you’re talking and I haven’t heard a thing past some douche in R&D decoding my notes?”
“Desist with the flappy hands, you’re not a teen girl,” she interrupts.
~
“Hey,” Bruce answers back. “How are you feeling?”
Tony frowns. “Like a man in a bed with a broken arm. Are you going to keep asking me that?”
~
Steve averts his eyes but then he doesn’t know where to look and boy, could he be any more adorable. Tony is starting to believe Clint’s tales of Steve being raised by nuns even thought the nuns of Brooklyn are very unlikely to have instilled this kind of chivalry in anyone, no matter the time period. “I can step out?” Steve offers, his eyes on the floor which isn’t nearly as interesting as he’s making it look.
~ “Steve likes everyone,” he says nonchalantly. “I don’t see why that’s even a thing.”
“I have to correct you there. He has an ongoing feud with a jogger he met in Central Park,” Bruce says.
“No,” he says, and it’s a long, drawn out sound he thinks conveys his disbelief perfectly. His whole worldview is being upset.
“He litters and has no respect for his fellow joggers,” says Steve, from behind them.
~
“You know, the last time I saw you, you ate too much ice cream and threw up all over my husband’s shoulder.”
“If this doesn’t turn out to be an embarrassing baby story, I can only apologize unreservedly and assure you I no longer drink tequila.”
~ “Should we worry? Or ignore the problem until it goes away?”
“Definitely going with the second option here.”
~ “I am not stalking Alice. I am stalking men who want to date Alice, and that’s a very different thing.”
~ “Look, just back me up here, would you? You’ve had sex, right?” Ford said with the air of a man winning an argument. “Right,” Arthur said wearily.  “See?” Ford crowed. “Even a monumentally sad creature like Arthur has managed the act of love with -” “-girls,” Arthur interjected. “-girls,” Ford said, only slightly disbelievingly. “Which is because he bloody well didn’t waste his time studying physics.”
~ “You’ve slept with her? Weren’t you in Drama Studies?” Martin said. “I thought you were a bit— you know . . .” “What does that hand gesture mean?” Ford said. “Is it a secret code for something?”
~
Despite himself, Tony shot Steve a nervous glance. “I, um. I walked into a door.”
“And what?” she snorted. “You didn’t apologize so it hit you on the other side of your face?”
~
“So, did the spell work?” Peter asks.
“Well, no one is having a seizure,” Strange replies.
~
“Morocco?” guesses Eames, when he lands.
“Slightly warmer,” says Arthur.
“Do you mean I should try for a warmer climate, or do you mean I’m getting closer?” asks Eames.
“What do you think?” asks Arthur, and hangs up.
~
“I have a flight!” Arthur shouted, louder. “I’m going to miss my flight!”
“I know! You keep telling me all about,” Eames shouted back. “Oh, look, we’ve found a bridge.”
“You’re lost, aren’t you?” Arthur shouted resignedly. “You’re just dragging me around this city for spite. And you’re lost.”
~
“The administrative capital of Sri Lanka. Shit, I have no ide--” “Sri Jayawardenepura-Kotte. Obviously.” Eames raised an eyebrow. Arthur raised one of his own. Eames shrugged and tried to write it down. He got as far as S-R-I J before he had to admit defeat. Arthur smirked when he pulled the paper away from him.  “That’s the longest word I’ve ever seen,” Eames said when Arthur finished writing.
~
“This is going to be so easy,” Arthur said. “Like taking candy from a baby.”
“You Yanks have the creepiest expressions, did you ever realize?”
~
“I’m blaming that word. My pronunciation would be fine if the word would just be reasonable.”
~
Steve doesn’t really understand, so he replies, “Sir?” There’s an extended silence in which Phillips seems to expect Steve to suddenly comprehend, and while he doesn’t (and is probably never going to, really, without at least a little more information), Steve just says, “Yes, sir,” and excuses himself.
~
They get hit by a ray gun. Again. Wally immediately suspects, upon waking up, that they’ve been either de-aged, genderswapped, or switched bodies, because all three have happened before and his body feels wrong in that special way it only does when one of those three things happen.
~
He’d shown up one afternoon looking like someone had kicked his puppy but worse, more like someone had rounded up all the puppies in all the world and then systematically kicked each and every one of them. Then had done the same with kittens. Rinse and repeat with bunnies, for good measure. Gwen had pulled him in for a hug, one of her tightest, and put the kettle on. He told her that she was mistaking him for a giant fucking girl because guys do not commiserate over tea and she’d patted his head, nodding sagely. Then she’d made the tea anyway and she was right, damn her, because it was tea he wanted most anyway.
~
“I don’t want tea, Gwen. I want manly comforting beverages. Like whiskey.”
~
Gwen saw Merlin, in his best deer-in-headlights mode, duck behind the counter. “Are you looking for Merlin?” she asked because, honestly, enough was really goddamned enough, “Because he’s just over there in the kitchen.” She pointed. “Under the counter.”
~
“I just have some laundry to fold. Upstairs,” Gwen said, ignoring the urgent and incomprehensible signals coming from Merlin’s eyebrows and their rapid movement. She retreated.
~
“No. It’s a symbolic gesture. It just means...it means I’m alright if,” and he suddenly seemed completely unsure of himself, “if you are.”  “Do I have to respond symbolically or am I allowed language?” She asked, grinning. “I made the effort, damn you, you had better come up with some sort of metaphor,” Arthur said, grinning back and so completely relieved. “I demand a symbolic gest—”She pulled him forward and kissed him deeply. “Need help with the interpretation?” she asked when they parted a moment later. “No, I think I got it,” Arthur said, pulling her towards him again. “There were shades of meaning in there. Are you sure you got all the nuances and everything?” she teased, pressing butterfly kisses into the corners of Arthur’s mouth between words.
~
“I’m not allowed to talk to you when you’re on your coffee break? Since when?”
“Since I told you fifteen minutes ago not to talk to me when I was on my coffee break, Shawn.” “How was I supposed to know we were starting the new rule right away? Also, I don’t remember agreeing to it,” Shawn said. He paused thoughtfully. “I bet I have veto power.” “Why would you have veto power over my coffee break?” “Dude, I so totally outrank you. I was here for a month before you--” “That was ten years ago, Shawn. Once you’ve worked someplace ten years, everyone is equal.” “That isn’t a rule. You just made that up.” “I didn’t! It’s called tenure, Shawn. It’s called that because it means ‘ten years.’” Gus smirked triumphantly. “You don’t have to look it up, I just told you,” Gus said, and then saw the screen, “Shawn, how many times do I have to tell you that Wikipedia is not a reliable source?” “It says here,” Shawn said, pointing to the screen, “That you made that stuff up. ‘Burton Magic-Pants-McGee Guster has theorized that ‘tenure’ is derived from the words ‘ten’ and ‘years’ but he is incredibly wrong,’” Shawn read from the screen. “It doesn’t say that,” Gus said, craning around Shawn. “It will in five minutes,” Shawn amended, beginning to type, “B-U-R-T-”
~
Bruce blinked again. He waited for a few moments in the hopes things would make more sense, then gave up. “I’m not following you.”
~
“Toaster,” Donna repeats slowly. “Satellite dish. Brain. Fixed.”
“That makes absolutely no sense,” the Doctor says and picks up a new instrument to scan her with.
~
“Is he young? Old?”
“Mature,” she responded.
“Old,” he confirmed.
“About your age, actually,” she said with a smirk.
“Ah, mature.”
~
“Did I enjoy dinner? Well, compared to pushing a pea up Vesuvius with my nose, it was an enjoyable experience.”
~
“Oh, I’m no good at being a tie-breaker. I’m good at being in the majority…after the majority has already voted.”
~
“Harry, you have teleportation and advanced matter manipulation, but you send your letters with messenger birds.” Tony blinked. “Seriously? I mean, I can deal with a lot of crazy, but this?”
~
“You’re gonna let me touch that? I seem to recall some not so vague death threats in Stark’s general direction if someone ever touched it again…I feel like this is a trap,” Wes said, hesitantly reaching for the bow.
~
Peering up from his bow, Barton looked affronted. “You doubt my abilities?”
“As Legolas, no. As Dirty Harry…maybe.”
~
Clare giggled. “Who uses the word ‘loins’?”
“Eric,” Simon said grimly. “All his poems have loins in them.”
“Turgid is my torment!” Eric wailed on stage. “Agony swells within!”
“His poetry is terrible. It’s like he ate a dictionary and started vomiting up words at random.”
~
“There’s something I wanted to talk to you about,” Simon said.
“Furious Mole is not a good name for a band,” Clare said immediately.
~
“I don’t want tea,” Clare said with muffled force. “I want to find my mother. And then I want to find out who took her in the first place, and I want to kill them.”
“Unfortunately,” said Hodge, “we’re all out of bitter revenge at the moment, so it’s either tea or nothing.”
~
“Haven’t you ever heard that modesty is an attractive trait?” she said in response to his preening.
“Only from ugly people,” he confided.
~
“If you tell anyone that you saw me, I’ll make sure you wake up with snakes for hair and an extra pair of arms.”
“That might be nice, an extra pair of arms,” he said thoughtfully. “Handy in a fight.”
“Not if they’re growing out of your—”
~
“I see violence in your future,” she said ominously, staring at his tea leaves. “A great deal of blood shed by you and others. You’ll fall in love with the wrong person. Also, you have an enemy.”
“Only one? That’s good news.”
~
“Yeah, well, you clearly also couldn’t be bothered to call me and tell me you were shacking up with some dyed-blond wannabe goth,” Simon pointed out sourly. “I spent the last few days thinking you were dead.”
“I was not shacking up,” she said indignantly.
“And my hair is naturally blond,” said Jason. “Just for the record.”
~
“Real elves are about eight inches tall,” Jason pointed out. “Also, they bite.”
“But vampires are hot, right?” Simon asked eagerly. Clare worried for a moment that Jason might lunge across the porch and throttle Simon senseless. Instead, he considered the question. 
“Some of them, maybe.”
“Awesome,” Simon repeated. Clare decided she had preferred it when they were fighting. 
~
“Ignore him. He always says exactly what comes into his head. No filters.”
“Filters are for coffee and cigarettes. Two things I could use right now, incidentally.”
~
“I doubt he sent a Ravener demon to her house because he wants to ‘get back together,” said Alec. 
“It wouldn’t be my move,” I agreed. “First the candy and flowers, then apology letters, then the ravenous demon hordes. In that order.”
“He might have sent her candy and flowers,” Isabelle argued. “You never know.”
“Isabelle,” said Alec patiently, “this is the man who rained down destruction on our city the likes of which it had never known, who set brother against brother and made the streets run with blood.”
“That’s sort of hot,” Isabelle said. “The evil thing.”
~
“Don’t call him that. He doesn’t look like a weasel.”
“You’re right. I’ve met an attractive weasel or two in my time. He looks more like a rat.”
~
“It means ‘Shadowhunters: Better looking in black than the widows of our enemies since 1234.’”
~
“Don’t order any of the faeire food. It tends to make humans a little crazy. One minute you’re munching on a faeire plum, the next minute you’re running naked down Madison Avenue with antlers on your head. Not,” he added hastily, “that this has ever happened to me.”
~
“Investigation?” she laughed derisively. “Now we’re detectives? Maybe we should have code names.”
“Good idea. I shall be Hotschaft Von Hugenstein.”
~
‘I’m no good at lying on the spot,’ Clare thought, and looked at Jason who, she hoped, would be excellent at it. 
He disappointed her immediately. “We were trying to break in.”
~
“This is bad.”
“You said that before.”
“It seemed worth repeating.”
~
“‘Hello’ is girly,” he informed her. “Real men are terse. Laconic. That’s why when major badasses greet each other in movies, they don’t say anything, they just nod. The nod means ‘I am a badass, and I recognise that you, too, are a badass,’ but they don’t say anything out loud because they’re Wolverine and Magneto and it would mess up their vibe to explain.”
~
She wasn’t sure what she expected—exclamations of delight, perhaps a smattering of applause. Instead there was silence, broken only when Jason said, “Somehow, I thought it would be bigger.”
The cup in her hand was the size of an ordinary wineglass, only heavier. “It’s a perfectly nice size,” she said indignantly.
“Oh, it’s big enough,” he said patronizingly, “but somehow I was expecting something…you know.” He gestured with his hands, indicating something roughly the size of a house cat. 
“It’s the Mortal Cup, Jason, not the Mortal Toilet Bowl,” said Isabelle.
~
“If you touch him,” Arthur says quietly, and then doesn’t finish the sentence. It’s creepy and effective, which is about par for the course for Arthur, who clearly thinks of himself as a precise, steady, reliable and moderate person but comes off like a cyborg raised by feral cats: disquieting, dangerous, occasionally stupidly loyal.
~
“Couldn’t sleep on the plane. It’s the vibrations on the plane. I start to drift and then I think Brad here’s going to punch me for falling asleep at the wheel. He gets pissy about stupid shit like that.”
“If I die in combat,” Brad says, “I’d like the enemy to kill me. Call it a personal preference.”
~
“He grabbed me so I hit him with a chair and then it got all kinds of out of hand. I’m told the scrotum recovery is gonna go great though.”
~
“That cat,” Tony says one evening, squinting up at Loki, “is a menace to society.”
 “He’s an indoor cat,” Steve says from the couch. “He can’t menace society if the only people he interacts with are you and me.”
~
“You’ve fought Skrulls and power-hungry mutants, and you’re afraid of my dad?”
“I can’t hurt civilians,” he answers, settling tentatively on her bed.
~
Dad cocks his head and narrows his eyes. “You like my cookies?”
“I do indeed, sir,” Clint says fervently. Darcy rolls her eyes at him.
“Be straight with me, Clint. Are you dating my daughter for the cookies?”
“Sir, if it were legal in the state of Maryland, I would marry you for the cookies.”
~
“Clint, Clint,” the boys say excitedly and in unison, “are you gonna teach us to throw knives today?”
“Didn’t I say when you were older?” he asks.
“We’re a day older today than we were yesterday,” Kevin says, and Billy nods along decisively.
~
“What the hell kind of pajamas are these?” he asks, gesturing sharply at the red and black plaid flannel pants and the red long sleeved shirt. “Why are there penguins on my pajamas? And why are these penguins wearing Santa hats?”
“It’s Christmas, Clint.”
“I don’t think the penguins celebrate!”
~
“Baby-girl, my reward for a job well done would involve someone at least five years older and two cups bigger with a bottle of bourbon in one hand and a half-raw steak in the other.”
Darcy gasped. “You cannot possibly want someone more stacked than me. That’s major overkill and they’d be totally gross-looking! I mean, check it.” Throwing her shoulders back and pursing her lips, she crossed her arms under her breasts so they nearly crept over the gathered neckline of her shirt.
Clint’s reaction was immediate and violent. Covering his eyes with one hand, he flipped backwards over the chair, and rolled into a ball beside his bed in earthquake-drill position. “Never ever do that!” he yelled. “That is... those are illegal tits! I don’t want to see illegal tits! I don’t want to see my boss’ daughter’s illegal tits! Shit! Can I even say ‘tits’ in front of you? Breasts. Upper torso.”
“I’m just playin’ with you, Legolas. Get up.”
“I don’t like this game. This is a bad, bad game. This game will get me killed three times over.”
~
“I know you did it and I don’t know if I should strangle you or kiss you,” she said.
“Both equal jail time,” said Clint. “Do you have an option three?”
~
“That was definitely locked.”
“Well, with a security system like that, it might as well have been unlocked,” she said, sounding utterly unbothered.
~
“Natasha asked me to make a banner for Darcy’s birthday party,” Steve says, gesturing at a long strip of heavy poster paper. “She said it would put my artistic skills to good use.” He picks up a tablet. “This is a list of some of Thor’s ideas: it is your birthday; you are one year older; let us feast; drink and be merry; congratulations; this is a party; let us feast.” Steve looks up. “He’s pretty consistent.”
~
“I need new clothes,” Peggy announced.
Tony was sprawled across her cot, flipping aimlessly through a dense tome about the Cold War. He couldn’t even be bothered to remove his shoes. “Sure. Yeah. I can make that happen,” he said, in a tone that made it quite clear he wasn’t paying attention.
She surveyed him critically. “Can you?” she asked, dubious. After all, the man was perpetually dishevelled, and was at this very moment wearing sunglasses indoors. “Are you now a couturier, in addition to your other accomplishments?”
He appeared, finally, to be listening to the conversation they were having. “Did you just call me something dirty in French?”
“Feet off the bed,” she ordered, in the clipped tones she had traditionally reserved for training new recruits.
~
She apologized for things that weren’t her fault—the gloomy weather, her lack of foresight in not bringing an umbrella, the unavailability of parking in Manhattan, the nonexistent mess in her big silver car, the cacophony of noises on the radio that passed for music…
~
The next three days were full of Tony asking ‘Hey, have you ever—?’ and declaring it an abomination when Steve said no.
~
“More caffeine wouldn’t be good for you right now.” Steve sounds serious, and Tony decides he needs coffee, because that wasn’t his Captain America voice, and all of Steve’s serious voices are his Captain America voices. Maybe there’s a Steve-flavoured serious voice? 
Steve turns to look at him, and Tony pauses. “Did I say that out loud?”
~
They were interrupted when a flash of lightning flooded the room and a boom of thunder shook the building and Tony was in the process of tackling his PA and dragging her to safety under his desk, half blind and mostly deaf, when he realized that he was now friends with an elementally-aligned god and looked out the window instead.
~
“What were they like,” Dean amended, sitting back. “They’re both dead.”
“Oh, man,” Alec looked like he didn’t know what to say. “That must suck?” He sounded unsure. Dean wondered what it was like to grow up without any parents at all; to sound like you didn’t even know what it must be like to miss them.
~
 “First of all, it is absolutely pathetic that I managed to make it into a top-secret room in the middle of a mansion filled with superheroes. Remind me to give you tips on security later. Second of all, I’m not the plan, you—” he bites down on the word idiots, because really, it’s not their fault. “I’m just a distraction.”
~
Stark shrugs. “You brained me with my own vase. I don’t help people who hit me with my own possessions.” 
“Do you help people who brain you with other people’s items?” Neal asks curiously, to which Stark grins broadly and says of course.
~
Tim held the poultice to his head wincing slightly at the sting. The man in front of him is speaking, he should pay attention to that, “Hello, my name is Agent Coulson, welcome to Earth, or if you are already a member of this planet, welcome to the Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement and Logistics Division.”
Tim blinked slowly, a testament to his injury, carefully sifting through all major Defense Agencies within the United States. He puts together his possible geographic location and the lack of response time from the League. Fuck he hates magic. “Do you have a team of well trained and, or powered individuals put together in some way for the defense of this planet? If so may I know the name of this group and or individual?” He asks in a calm steady tone. Panicking was for the weak, as was sleep and food, and sometimes breathing. 
~
“Were you a member of this organization?” The Agent asks instead. He sounds very non-judgmental for a man who’s clearly judging him. Well fuck you agent, Tim wasn’t the one who picked the damn name.
~
“Are you or are you not a threat to this version of Earth?” the older man asks. It’s all very civilized. Tim can spot, three snipers in the trees. Of course it’s civilized, as far as they know, they have nothing to fear.
“I am unaware of the societal norms of this dimension and its policies, in general I do not wish to interfere or cause harm. My main concern would be returning home.” The answer is diplomatic, a non answer because quite frankly if Tim has landed in a dimension that approves of things like killing the third born child but not the fourth he will not be pleased. That shit does not fly.
~
The “sparring” Natasha and Tim claim they’ve been doing in gym is a bit of a misnomer. Actually, Tony thinks they’re both filthy liars. Sparring is two people doing non lethal fighting to improve their skills. What he walks in on is a bloody, savage, brutal match to what appears to be, the death.
~
“So,” Tony leers, “this part of the lab is yours.” Tim looks at the floor. The entire floor dedicated to him. He knows this because a tiny plaque at the front door has his name on it. He also knows because there are streamers all over the ceiling, covering it completely, and a massive banner that looks as though it belongs at a birthday part proclaiming, ‘Welcome Home Tim’.
“This is a floor, Tony. It’s not part of lab, it is an entire lab.”
Tony shrugs, “Semantics.”
“This is a bribe isn’t it,” Tim deadpans. It’s a very good bribe. 
~
“No, I mean like a real date: dinner, dancing— do people still do that? Okay, how about a movie and some fireworks instead? I know this billionaire who can order them on demand. Who doesn’t love fireworks?” “The only reason you can get fireworks is because I order them. Why would I go on a date where I have to do all the prep work?” “But you already do all the work,” Tony says cheerfully. “You won’t even let me balance my checkbook.” “That’s because the last time you saw how much money you had, you thought you should start a bonfire with it, and I’d like for my paycheck not to bounce on Friday.”
~
Tony deserves a medal for all the things he doesn’t say while they work together to extract Clint from some kind of insane glue trap on the ceiling. They get him free, but not his clothes. Clint also no longer has any back hair. Steve learns many 21st century curse words, but isn’t appreciative at all.
~
“He designed the security system,” she says, sounding unconvinced. “There are flaws and he’ll know them.”
“How do those straws feel?” Tony asks. “Graspy?”
~
“Natasha follows the rules,” Bruce says.
“The rules are stupid,” Tony says. Natasha looks at him curiously. “Checkers is better.”
“He set the board on fire,” Bruce provides. “Because he was losing.”
“And then I won,” Tony agrees.
“Then the game was over,” Bruce says, “and there was fire suppressing foam everywhere.”
~
“What I want to know is why they’re all so fucking intent on genociding us,” Clint continued. “Does space make people really angry? Does the capability for travel between solar systems encourage violent behavior? Do they hate jazz music or something? Because these people, I swear, they need some Sesame Street remedial lessons in getting the fuck along.”
“I’d watch that,” he heard Tony say. “Clint Barton guest stars on Sesame Street, in a segment PBS calls Getting the Fuck Along. I’d make a major donation to public television for that. I wonder how much I’d have to give them to get them to do a beeped out fuck on Sesame Street. I have satellites,” Tony said. “And I’m sure I know a guy who knows a guy at the Muppets. I could get you Grover.”
“Not Kermit?”
“Grover’s big right now, so I hear.”
“How exactly do you hear these things?”
“Gentlemen, if we could focus, please,” Coulson said.
“I’m on it, sir,” Clint said. “If I make this shot without blowing up the plaza, can we make the Getting The Fuck Along sketch?”
“If you make this shot I am writing you the Get The Fuck Along Song,” Bruce announced.
“You never miss,” Coulson said, sounding bored. “I’m not bribing you.”
~
Clint is a sarcastic smartass, but that’s a personality quirk near and dear to Tony’s heart, so it’s no big deal. Plus he loves to bake cookies—real cookies, not the kind that come in a tube at the grocery store—and that makes up for a lot. His preternatural powers of accuracy must somehow extend to baking, because he never seems to use any kind of measuring utensil, yet each batch turns out perfectly, and each cookie is precisely the same size. The house smells really good all the time.
~
The good news is they inadvertently discover that an hour or two in front of the TV will keep the Hulk quiet until he reverts. The bad news is that Hulk’s TV preferences run toward cartoons and cooking shows, with the unfortunate side effect that Steve, who doesn’t mind sitting with him just to keep an eye out, develops a liking for Dora the Explorer and SpongeBob SquarePants. Clint takes about six hundred pictures of Steve and Hulk in front of the TV. “I can’t believe you’re watching this,” he says, angling his phone just right, careful to make sure Dora is clearly visible on the television in each shot.
Steve just shrugs. “It’s not that bad. All the people on the shows you guys watch are so awful to each other. Plus, you can learn Spanish.”
“Me gusta!” Hulk says.
~
“So,” Tony says gleefully, taking a seat on the arm of the couch. “On a scale of ‘one’ to ‘I’m from Asgard,’ just how drunk are you?”
~
“Oh, I remembered that Tony said I should get used to skating the internet and Jarvis showed me Wikipedia. It’s really nifty. And there’s this site with videos where you can watch documentaries and lectures for free. Although, sometimes there are videos of people falling in rather painful ways and lots of cats,” Steve adds with a confused frown.
“Surfing,” Bruce corrects absently. He makes a note to have a discussion with Tony about leaving Steve to the vagaries of the internet. 
~
“Hi, Alfred! We’ve got a visitor from the future! Bruce’ll explain later! Bye Alfred!”
~
“On the plus side, he doesn’t stare at my boobs when he’s talking to me.”
“On the down side?”
“I’ve got great boobs. Why isn’t he looking?”
~
“What’s wrong with what I’m wearing? I wear one outfit a day. I am not Beyonce.”
~ “I do know a place. Upside: Beautiful black sand beaches.”
“Downside?”
“Lepers.”
~ “You made pie?” Peter said, his eyes lighting up as he settled in.
Olivia snorted. “Remember this moment the next time Peter says, ‘I am nothing like my father,’ okay, Astrid?”
~
“…and I get the feeling you don’t share my enthusiasm.”
“Then I’m wearing the right expression.”
~
“No, it’s not unfair to make him drive us around. We’re helping my parents teach him an important lesson about using recreational drugs.”
“But they weren’t recreational drugs. They were pizza spices. That you planted in his room.”
“Then we’re teaching him a lesson about keeping his door locked. Either way, lessons are being learned.”
~
“Well, now that I have free time, I’m finally exploring that internet everyone keeps talking about.”
~
“I’m gonna have to ask you to table whatever emotional reaction you’re about to have, in light of the current crisis.”
~
“I always have an open mind.”
“Yes, but you need to keep an open mind like other people keep an open mind. With a mind that is, you know, actually open.”
~
“You will not be disappointed. Unless you are usually disappointed, in which case this will be yet another disappointment.”
~
“Australia, eh? You ever put a shrimp on the barbie?”
 “Once, but it was an actual girl named Barbie.”
~
“I need you to make nice with Paul Porter.”
“You don’t have some hot coals I could walk across instead?”
~
“It isn’t a briefcase. It’s a messenger bag.”
“Oh, is it sending the message ‘my mom dressed me’?”
~
“I have a car now. It’s going to level the playing field.”
“Not like you could win on a level playing field anyway.”
~
“Charlotte and I have a history. What does Bobby have?”
“The present and the future?”
~
“It’s runs well, good mileage, and it’s the sport edition.”
“What sport? Ping-pong?”
~
“We ranked second to last in quality of life according to the Associates’ Survey.”
“Who beat us?” he asked quickly.
She took a breath. “Louis, I know you take great pride in making the associates’ lives miserable—”
“Well, I did until you told me I was second best at it.”
~ “Do you see what I see?” she asked, staring in horror.
“There’s two of them!”
“I think Louis may be attracted to female Louis.”
“Do you think if they touched the world would cease to exist?”
“I don’t want to think about them touching.”
~ “I like to get to know the little people. For instance, Harold here—”
“Just Henry, actually.”
“—has a mother—”
“Aunt.”
“—who recently died of heart disease.”
“Cancer.”
~ “And by ‘movement’ I mean,” he continued conversationally, “why the galloping goblins did Potter decide to break into Scotland Yard?”
Ron froze. “Err...” He was going to kill Harry. “Are you sure it was–”
“Half a dozen of their personnel were obliviated.” Robards spoke drily, eyes losing none of their piercing quality. “All were involved in a series of muggle murders which mirror our killer.”
“Ah.” Since ‘deny deny deny’ failed miserably, it was time for damage control. “Harry must’ve gotten a lead then. You know how he is–”
“–a maverick who views laws as guidelines?” Robards finished with tense idleness. He leaned towards the flinching auror as his voice dropped to a whisper. “Trespassing, thievery, high treason, stomping on the Statute of Secrecy and making a mockery of this force. Tell me you didn’t know what Potter was up to with a straight face.”
“I didn’t.” Ron immediately supplied. Hermione had long ago informed him of what ‘plausible deniability’ entailed. Harry and he had taken to it like fish to water.
~
“Your mom is inappropriate,” Jim says, but under his breath, because he’s pretty sure that “your mom” jokes are not acceptable either and he doesn’t want to get reamed out for that one, too.
~
“Your face is illogical,” Jim retorts, then, “Wait, did you just call me a slut?” Spock simply gives an enigmatic almost-smile, which probably means yes. Goddammit.
~
“This is the problem with that no-fraternization-with-fellow-operatives policy. A super secret marriage gets you a super crappy honeymoon package. We should be on a beach in Mexico. There should be salt and tequila and a lime in your cleavage and I should be licking my way towards it really, really slowly.”  “Body shots in Mexico. That’s your ideal honeymoon? I want a divorce.”
~
“I know exactly which nerve to hit to render you incapable of speech for three hours,” Natasha said.
~
“My point is,” Steve says, “we have a grand total of ten dead parents between us, and somehow all of us manage to fight evil every day without once being tempted to dress up like a bat.”
~
Natasha says, “There wasn’t a hole there yesterday.”
Bruce waves one hand; bubbles scatter. “Technically, there isn’t a hole there now. It’s a multiphasic matter destabilizer.” 
Natasha considers this. That could be a very useful tool, which is a nice change. About half the things Bruce and Tony come up with are useful; the other half are, in Natasha’s opinion, about two caffeine-fueled all-nighters away from bringing about the downfall of civilization as they know it. But she has to ask, “Why is it destabilizing my bedroom floor right now?”
“Ah, well.” Bruce hesitates. He looks a little embarrassed. “It’s a very unpredictable test version of a multiphasic matter destabilizer. We’re having a little trouble with the aim. And the, uh, restabilizing.”
“When you say ‘we,’ you mean--”
“All Tony’s fault,” Bruce says cheerfully. “He’s the one who builds stuff. I just figure out which laws of physics to break.”
Natasha laughs. “Are there any other holes we should know about?” 
There’s a yelp from another room, followed by a string of colourful curses. “I think Tony just found one,” Bruce says. “Maybe he’ll be motivated to fix it now. You should go glare at him. It will probably help.”
~
Rule 4. Those who make the dares are responsible for at least fifty percent of the bail money. 
Rule 7. No time machines. 
~
“In our defense,” Tony says, “we had no idea it would do that.”
“None,” Jane says quickly. “No idea at all. And we did tell him not to touch it.”
“We were very clear about that,” Bruce says. “No touching.”
“But you know how he is.” Tony shrugs. “With the touching.”
~
“What’s the punishment for breaking one?” Phil asks, curious.
“We take it on a case by case basis,” Tony says. “Mostly we go with a lot of stern looks and subtle shaming. Sometimes we program one of the robots to follow the rule-breaker around telling them how bad they should feel.”
~
“You don’t look evil,” was the first thing her granddaughter said to her.
“Make-up helps,” she responded. 
~ “It’s evidence that she’s in love with him.”
“A woman turning you down isn’t evidence of anything...except taste.”
~
“How’d he get so rich? Data mining, derivatives, and screwing over some people in Malaysia.”
~
“Hey, you told me those tax shelters were perfectly legal!”
“Sam, what part of that sounded legal? Tax shelters?”
~ “If you’re not going to be a good example, you’ll have to be a horrible warning.”
~
“She’s only five? I feel like I’m always at that child’s birthday party.”
~
“Seriously, if you knew how much he liked having a robot hand, you wouldn’t feel sorry for him.”
“Maybe he loves it so much just because it means he’s no longer missing a hand.”
“Modern cybernetics is really sending mixed messages to kids. ‘Don’t play with fireworks or you’ll end up with sweet robot body parts’.”
~
"So you're saying working for me is punishment?"
"As far as I'm concerned, this entire conversation is punishment."
~
"What do you want to do him?" Harvey asked.
"Things," Louis replied, deadpan. 
"That is not a legitimate answer," Mike protested.
"Honor the boundaries of labor law?" Harvey asked.
"I prefer the Geneva convention."
~
"Oh, it's so stuffy in here. What are the symptoms of carbon dioxide poisoning?"
"Headaches, dizziness, mental confusion, mental confusion."
~
"So I've searched Google, Yahoo, Altavista, Bing, Hotbot, Galaxy, Gigablast, Alexa, and Cuil and I can't find anything on black diamonds, unless you're looking for jewellery, ski gear or tattoos."
~
"You guys sound excited. Did I solve it?"
~
"Mark 16:18: 'They shall take up serpents and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them.'"
"Oh man, I really hope we don't have to drink snake poison to find this thing."
~
"I should really frisk her for weapons before I go." "Try it and I'll break your fingers off," she growled. "She's clean!" he squeaked as he ran off.  ~
"I don't want the dress. I don't want the stupid party. I don't want to get married. I just want to be married. To you."
~
"He packed his things, changed his name, and drove off, never to be seen again. If that's not a sign of guilt, I don't know what is."
"Forensic evidence, maybe?"
~
Roost made a sound like he was either being murdered or seriously contemplating it. 
~
"I'm not a circus animal," John sighed at him. "I don't do handstands or jump through hoops." Sherlock gave him a look. "Just because I can does mean I do in a performance venue. Besides my handstands are extraordinarily unimpressive."
~
"It was 1983," I tell him. "Or has the International Movie Database, Wikipedia, and all of the Internet got it wrong?"
He just stares at me, and then finally manages, "But...how...you're not even near your computer!"
"I can hack into the Internet using my mind," I tell him with a straight face.
It takes him two seconds to decide he doesn't believe me. "No, seriously, how did you—?"
~
"Master Dick has inquired as to your preference of dates, and Master Damian has indicated a desire to defenestrate you repeatedly should you attend. Master Bruce would like me to remind you of your press training, and reiterates that punching reporters is still not permitted."
~
“Men always do exactly the opposite of what you tell them to. If I hadn’t told my brother Stumpy not to load the woodchipper by hand, we’d still be calling him Edward.”
~
"He's giving a paper at a conference on water-borne infectious diseases. Now there's a party where you don't want to get thrown into the pool." 
~
"Paranoid? I'm not familiar with the word and I really don't have time to be learning new words right now. A pudgy twenty-two year old is trying to take my job."
~
"Is he drunk? He smells like a Jolly Rancher fell in a can of paint thinner."
"Apple martinis. That's his drink."
~
"Alright, the cop's coming this way. Everyone scatter. But, casually. Casually scatter."
~
"Oh, this place is shabby chic...without all that pesky chic."
~
Like all of his friends, he considered it a compliment when someone called him a wiseass.
~
The natural fragrance of her body was a spicy, angry smell like that of fresh pencil shavings. 
~
He had devoted an embarrassing amount of hours of mute concentration--brow furrowed, breath held-- to the development of his brain's latent powers of telepathy and mind control. 
~
He handed them to his cousin, who traded him for a box of matches that evocatively encouraged him to 'Eat at Joe's Crab on Fisherman's wharf', in which only one match remained.
~
Every fifteen minutes, Kornblum consulted his wristwatch, the intervals so regular and precise as to render the gesture superfluous. 
~
The large sums of money he gave to his mother, though she was gratifyingly astonished by them and always managed, in her curt way, to thank him, proved nothing to her about anything. To get vast sums for wasting one's life, in her view, only added to the cosmis tallying of wastefulness. 
~
"Joe, you said you'd come."
"No, I was very careful not to say that."
~
"You're very good-looking." It missed sounding like a wholehearted compliment; there might have been some comment intended on the deceptiveness of attractive packages. 
~
"What's up? Why are you making that serious face?"
"I keep telling you guys, this is just my face. I'm contemplative."
~
"Well, I wasn't invited."
"How do you do it? How do you repel them? Because, seriously, I'm running out of excuses."
~
"Noble," I agreed. "That's the first word that comes to mind when I think of pigeons." Apparently sarcasm didn't exist in Ancient Egypt, because Horus never seemed to get it. 
~
"My understanding of fighting is fairly straightforward. Hit enemies with a sword until they're dead. If they rise again, hit them again. Repeat as necessary."
~
“How do we find the impostor?”
“Well, I’m still convinced you guys have a secret FBI handshake. Now would be the perfect time to break that out.”
“There is no secret handshake,” Jones insisted. 
“Of course you’d say that.”
~
“You should probably make sure he is who he says he is. I mean, death certificates don’t just issue themselves.”
“No, coroners do. And for about $500, in my experience. Trust me, I’ve faked my own death often enough.”
~
“Who would write to me here?” she asked, staring at the envelope.
“I encourage you to open the letter and find out,” he said, shortly. 
“Huh, I’ve been cordially invited to lunch…by Mrs. Frederic. Why?!”
“I suggest you ask her that over lunch.”
~
“I suggested that exercise would be a good addition to your sobriety regime and you agreed with me.”
“For future reference, when I agree with you, it means I’m not listening.”
~
“Signs of a struggle are good. Means that she’s a fighter.”
“If little girls could actually win fights against grown men, then yes, it would be a cause for great optimism.”
~
“Can you take the ‘zombies can’t die, but would they starve to death if they don’t devour human flesh’ question. I spent an hour last night on ‘how do vampires shave if they can’t see themselves in the mirror’?”
~
“Do we have any alcohol?”
“No. We do have potatoes, I could make you vodka. It’ll take two weeks.”
~
“Your text about being attacked by birds? That wasn’t an autocorrect mistake?”
~
“I’m a leader, not a follower…unless you need a follower, in which case I’ll follow your lead.”
~
“I’m staying out of it. I know you well enough to know that ‘back me up, Tim’ is two seconds away from ‘shut up, Tim, who asked you’.”
~
“We are talking. Words are coming out of my mouth and your eyes are squinting with crippling judgment. It’s the same conversation we always have.”
~
“She told us all about Hitler and how her parents couldn’t stand him because his German was terrible. Apparently on the radio, he didn’t always end his sentences with a verb.”
~
“I’ll be eight in December,” she piped, proudly. 
“She’s seven,” her brother said flatly. 
~
“I need a drink.”
“You’re holding one.”
She gave the martini in her hand a dismissive glance. “I need a stronger one.”
~
I understood her as some referent moral authority to whom we paid no heed, but by whose judgments we measured our waywardness.
~
The instant she appeared, half of Nemmer’s soldiers moved to attack, and the other half realised the mistake and tried to stop them. There was a flurry of shouts and aborted lunges and then a great deal of confused milling. I suspected that if the captain got through this day with his position intact, he would soon put his soldiers through a heavy training course on Gods, the Quick Recognition and Not Attacking Of. 
~
After a year’s time, I sent a letter to my mother letting her know I was alive, and received in return a ten-page missive demanding that I come home.
~
“I’m not drunk. You’re just blurry.”
~
“As a novice boyfriend, can I get a map of the minefield known as Women’s Valentine Expectations?”
~
“Hi, I’m Peter’s emergency contact.”
“Are you here to pick him up?”
“No, I’m here to be removed as his emergency contact.”
~
“This place gets more ridiculous every day. Today, I painted a tunnel on the side of the library. When it dries, I'm going for it.”
~
“You can’t sue a stripper. Life already sued her and she lost.”
~
“He’s thirty-something, I’m assuming. He has a landline and uses the word album.”
~
Mr. Poe meant well, but a jar of mustard probably also means well and would do a better job at keeping them out of trouble. 
~
He knew that his sister found a hand on her shoulder comforting, as long as the hand was attached to an arm, of course. 
~
Nurgle’s fish were the worst kept secret in Foggy Bottom, although strictly speaking, the laws against contact with fish didn’t specifically mention friendship.
~
She had awoken before dawn on a sleety winter day to the sound of a kitten acknowledging to the world it was about to leave that it was dying, and she had gone outdoors to rescue it. Flint had never decided if as a result he adored her without qualification, or resented her for having heard him yielding up his final dignity that way and interrupted by saving him. 
~
“Ten thousand dollars for finding one guy? What’s the catch?”
“Sometimes they don’t want to be found, and they shoot at you. But that hardly ever happens.”
~
"Hmmph, we're nothing by white blood cells, hunting the infection called crime. A sickness that sneaks in through the cracks, the way brussels sprouts sneak onto a plate of delicious macaroni and cheese. Sure, the city looks safe. Just push the bruessels sprouts to one side, right? Wrong! No matter where you put them, their vile, vegetable juices corrupt the whole plate. I'm out here to keep those stinkin' sprouts off the mac & cheese! Keep them from leaving the store in the first place!" 
~
The free time she’d enjoyed before the wedding had been mostly filled up or pushed aside by her new life and new responsibilities—but the birth of James squashed the remains of it flat. James took up as much time as there was time. 
“Is it because he’s a fair?” said Rosie, baffled.
“No, dead, it’s just because he’s a baby,” said Aunt. 
~
While she was far too honest to try to get out of it by doing it badly on purpose, she did it so naturally badly that she got out of it anyway.
~
His wings were the colour of an oil slick: black threaded with a rainbow of dizzying colours. 
~
“I see. I’ll just have them change the entry in the demonology textbook from ‘almost extinct’ to ‘not extinct enough for Alex. He prefers his monsters really, really extinct’. Will that make you happy?”
~
“How do you manage to never get mud on you?” he asked, looking up from his splattered shirt.
Isabelle shrugged philosophically. “I’m pure at heart. It repels the dirt.”
~
“That’s not dancing. They’re trying to kill each other. This guy is the other guy’s mortal enemy because he killed his dad, remember? Why would they be dancing?”
~
“We all thought you were dead.”
“Hoped,” he said, placidly. “You all hoped I was dead.”
~
“I’m not going to eat you. You’d be stringy and hard to digest.”
“But kosher,” Simon pointed out cheerfully.
~
“He came down to my cell and taunted me from behind the bars. It was like a bad movie, except he didn’t have a moustache to twirl.”
~
“There’s no need to clarify my finger snap,” said Magnus. “The implication was clear in the snap itself.”
~
“And you said no.”
He glared. “I wish people would stop guessing that. It makes me feel predictable.”
~
“My Romanian is limited to useful phrases like, ‘Are there snakes poisonous?’ and ‘But you look much too young to be a police officer.’”
~
“You can date whoever you want and I will totally support you. I’m all about support. Support is my middle name.”
“So that’s why you never told me your middle name. I figured it was something embarrassing.”
~
“It’s dangerous! It’s like a danger cupcake with murder icing.”
~
"I want you to fire everyone in the props department."
"Then we'd have to fire the cast, too. They're a bad influence.”
"I'm feeling pretty okay with that right now," Matt said. He had mistakenly tried to brush some of the glitter off his car and it was now all over his hands and trousers. 
"Think we could do the show with sock-puppets?"
"Not if we fire props."
~
The carriage interior, hot and stuff, smelled of five smallish boys and one largish man, none of whom was keen on bathing. 
~
Peter had no idea how old he really was, and it suited him to be one year older than the oldest of his mates. Also, he could spit the farthest. That made him the undisputed leader. 
~
“Don’t you be asking stupid questions!” said Grant, who defined ‘stupid questions’ as questions he could not answer. 
~
“I can swim,” Tubby Ted declared proudly. 
“You can float,” corrected Peter
~
“Sharks are big fish with lots of teeth. They swim in the ocean and eat people.”
“What if there’s no people in the ocean? What do the sharks eat then?”
~
“The thing to do,” said Gempkin, “is keep them disciplined.” To illustrate, he shot his fist sideways, not looking where it was going. It struck Prentiss, who, being fairly new, had not yet learned that it was unwise to stand immediately to Grempkin’s right. 
~
“That’s right. Act like I rejected you. It’s not like you tried to kill me or anything.”
Raphael shrugged. “That was politics. Not personal. Please tell me you did not bring me all the way out here so you could tell me a very boring story about your sister.”
“My mother,” Simon corrected. 
Raphael flipped a dismissive hand. “Whatever. Some female in your life has rejected you. It will not be the last time, I can tell you that.”
~
“If we spend all the time we’re supposed to be training making out instead, they’ll hire someone else to train you. I’m worried that if you get into the habit of making out with your instructors, you’ll wind up making out with him too.”
“Don’t be sexist. They could find me a female instructor.”
“In that case, you have my permission to make out with her, as long as I can watch.”
“You’re just worried that they’ll hire a male instructor and he’ll be hotter than you.” At his disbelieving face, she added, “It could happen. You know, theoretically.” “Theoretically, the planet could suddenly crack in half, leaving me on one side and you on the other, forever tragically parted, but I’m not worried about that either. Some things are just too unlikely to dwell upon.”
~ “You look lousy,” he said. 
Jason blinked. “Seems an odd time to start an insult contest, but if you insist, I could probably think up something good.”
“No, I mean it. You don’t look good.”
“This from a guy who has all the sex appeal of a penguin. Look, I realise you may be jealous—”
“I’m not trying to insult you,” Simon snapped. “I mean you look sick. When was the last time you ate?”
~ “I bet you thought you were very clever, sneaking off like that.”
“Medium clever,” Simon acknowledged. “Like a mix between George Clooney in Ocean’s Eleven and those Mythbusters guys but, you know, better looking.”
“I’m always so glad I have no idea what you’re vacantly pattering about. It fills me with a sense of peace and well-being.”
~ She flipped through their travel photos. Alec and Magnus standing in front of the Eiffel Tower. Alec wearing jeans as usual and Magnus wearing a striped fisherman’s sweater, leather pants, and an insane beret. In the Boboli Gardens, Alec still wearing jeans, and Magnus was wearing an enormous Venetian cloak and a gondolier’s hat. In front of the Prado he was wearing a sparkling matador jacket and platform boots while Alec appeared to be calmly feeding a pigeon in the background. 
~
“Hey, you want o see a photo of Alec and Magnus in Berlin?”
“Not really,” said Simon. 
“Magnus is wearing lederhosen.”
“And yet, still no.”
~
“Raphael,” Luke said, not unkindly. “You don’t have to protect her. If you care for her—”
“Care for her?” Raphael turned aside and spat. “I hate her. I despise her. Every morning when I rise, I wish her dead.”
“Oh,” said Luke delicately. 
~
Peter’s plan to get past the guard he called Leatherface was simple but effective. It involved rum. Peter was still not sure exactly what rum was, but he knew two things about it from watching the crew. The first was that sailors loved to drink it, and gulped it down whenever they had any. The second was that it made them sleep. Sometimes it made them do strange things first—laugh, cry, sing, fight, talk about their mothers—but in the end, it always put them into a deep slumber, from which it seemed nothing could awaken them for hours. 
~
“You know, just because I saved you out of a Russian prison, doesn’t mean you owe me anything,” he offered. 
“I didn’t say I did,” she responded. 
“Why not?” he asked. “I saved you out of a Russian prison!”
~
“Guess who’s coming to town?”
“I’d say Santa Claus, but it’s summer and we’re Jewish.”
~ “You’re my brother: that entitles you to my bone marrow and one of my kidneys, but a roadtrip with dad? That’s just excessive.”
~
“And don’t compliment anything in the house, like lamp or a painting, because then they’ll insist you take it home with you and then they’ll complain about you afterwards, like “he’s the boy who stole the lamp”.”
~ “Yeah, I can drive. I passed the test online. But it’s better if I drive on roads where there are no other cars or people because they don’t always follow the rules and I might mow someone down.”
~ “They told me to buzz off.”
“So? You have a middle finger. Use it.”
~ “I’ve seen how much make up you use. Your bathrood cabinet is one set of vampire fangs away from being a special effects studio.”
~ “I’m getting some weird feedback. It’s like a—like a whumpa-whumpa.”
“Wait, what do you mean? What kind of a whumpa-whumpa?”
“What sort of a question is that? How many kinds could there be?”
“There are seven kinds. Is it a whumpa-pop-whumpa-pop?”
“Are you being serious right now?”
~ The drunken man tried another swig from the bottle, which, to his mild surprise and considerable disappointment, remained empty.
~ The natives had warned the boys that there was quicksand on the island; that it would trap a person and slowly suck him under. The boys had asked why, if it acted slowly, was it called quicksand? The tribesmen had replied that, as far as they were concerned, most English names for things were silly. The word that they used for quicksand was a deep grunt that translated roughly to “uh-oh”.
~ ‘A mango,’ thought Peter. ‘The perfect weapon.’
~ She put a hand on George’s arm, an act that caused George and Peter to redden, but for quite different reasons. They boys exchanged a look, and two things were clear to both of them: On was that they were, for now, allies. The other was that they were most definitely not friends.
~
He was snoring on the floor, having insisted that Molly, being a girl, should take his bed. Molly had refused, insisting that Peter, being the most tired, should take the bed. Peter, of course, had refused. So the bed was empty and all three of them lay on the floor. George was the only one who’d managed to fall asleep, despite the fact that he was using a cricket bat as a pillow. 
~
“Twas a glancing blow. Hardly stabbed. I’m offended by your lack of faith in me.”
“Glancing off what, your kidney?”
~
“That,” Cobb said in genuine surprise, “Is not like him.”
“Getting shot at, or getting hit?”
~ “Fine. Dammit. Okay, I’ll be there in half an hour. Don’t move, and don’t get picked up by the police.”
“I can be exceedingly good at both of those things,” Eames confirmed.
~
“You let me stay,” Eames said, leaning over her and sounding accusing. Ariadne really thought that that was a bit undeserving. 
“Yes?” she tried. “What was I going to do, kick you out while you were drunk off your face?”
He tilted his head away, grimacing. “May have misjudged that particular dose of courage, yes.”
“You appeared to be under the misapprehension that you had a plan,” Ariadne reminded him.
~
“You’re really bad at this whole courtship thing, aren’t you?” she said.
 “I am the epitome of smooth,” he said, outraged. 
~
"I love you, Amy," he says. He says it so easily, like he's sure. Like just saying it lifts something up off of him, and he's lighter every second that he's speaking.
~ "You hate him right down to the water molecules. I'm curious as to why."
~
"You're not invited," Pepper corrects. Tony looks baffled, so unwilling to as to be unable to comprehend a world without himself at its center.
~ "I hate zombies," Sam muttered. "Which is good, because the zombies hate you," said Dean, sliding another shell into his shotgun. "Zombies hate everyone. Hence the chasing, rending, and eating. You're alive, so the zombies hate you."
~ “I have a feeling I should take offense,” says Eames, “but I’m too comfortable here, so I don’t think I will.”
~ “I suggest a full frontal assault with automated laser monkeys, scalpel mines and acid.”
~
“Sir, permission to express my opposition to your current apathy.”
“Permission granted, Strax.”
“Sir, I am opposed to your current apathy.”
~ “Madame Vastra was wondering if you might need any grenades.”
“Grenades?”
“She might have said help.”
~
“What happened to you two?”
“We drank. We fought. His ancestors would be proud.”
~
“Does that Asian boy look familiar or am I just being racist?”
~ “They took my Battle Ostrich! What kind of world do we live in where one man steals another’s Battle Ostrich?”
~
“Look, Mr. Cooper—”
“Dr. Cooper,” Sheldon corrected. The policeman looked at Leonard in disbelief.
“Yeah,” Leonard confirmed. “But not the kind with access to drugs, don’t worry.”
~ “Ugh, there isn’t enough camomile tea in the world to quell the rage in my heart.”
~ “I took the liberty of burning us a CD of heroic quest music.”
~
“Who’s there?” she asked the door.
“Your doom,” came the answer. 
“Don’t say ‘your doom’. Who opens the door to their doom?” came a second voice.
“True,” the first acknowledged. “Basket of puppies,” he yelled at the door. 
~
“I definitely don’t have a problem with his new girlfriend who wears too much makeup.
~
“You could stand to date a bit more, you know. Even Einstein had a pretty busy sex life.”
“Yeah, and he never unified gravity with the other forces. If he hadn’t been such a hound dog, we’d all have time machines.”
~
“Perhaps we can assign a colour to represent loneliness. Orange doesn’t rhyme with anything. It must be lonely.”
~ “It’s some sort of molecule extracted from the urine of cows.”
“I like cows.”
“Not the point.”
“I know. It was its own point.”
~ “I think the word you’re looking for is ‘befuddled’.”
~ Mark: “Oh, I have a banana in my pocket.”
~ “I think bad spellers should form an onion.”
~
Mark, on India: “Man, cows have the life here, huh?”
~ “I don’t know anything about cars, don’t ask me.”
“Actually, that’s the name of a motorbike.”
~ “You want the good news or the good news?”
“Yes, please.”
~
“Look at this bug bite. I don’t even know what bit me. Some sort of winged snake-spider thing. I think it growled at me. Bugs shouldn’t be able to growl.”
~
“There, I did what you wanted. Now please give me the antidote for the parasites.”
“Parasites? What parasites?”
“The ones you infected me—you were bluffing!”
“You’re a highly suggestible hypochondriac, Mr. Sheldon. I suggest you see a doctor about that.”
~
